Ref.: SODIC/TET/FL/500F/0/0001 Date: 23" of January 2023 To: TECTRA for Contracting and Real Estate Development Attn.: Mr. Mohamed Talaat Subject: sarmell 3 C I cage Contract Nr, 500-004-CC-P11 Dear Sir, With reference to the aforementioned subject, please find attached hereto, One Original of the Subject of Contract and Bill of Quantities, signed and stamped by the Parties for your record and necessary actions. Best regards, Mohamed Magdy Corporate & Technical Contracts Director Ce. Marwa Elkhodary - SODIC Yasser El Said - SODIC Ehab Amer - SODIC Tamer Ramadan - SODIC Hossam Lotfy - SODIC Ahmed Abdelbaky - SODIC Nourhane Reda - SODIC Basma Elshinnawy - SODIC Omar Kandil - SODIC Sara Mahmoud - SODIC Muhammed Shaarawi - SODIC Aya Galal - SODIC +00 EATV.PS spmald 0 PATY . of 11T syl 6yl syl i G WV a2in g syginll 9. 1 glp sodic.com

S L KARMELL 3 CORE AND SHELL PACKAGE Contract Ref. Number: 500-004-CC-P11 Between Sixth of October for Development & TECTRA for Contracting and Real Investment Company (SODIC) Estate Development l,_....uufi | T"" % STyl a5 ELTRA W § J a oy, S [ January 3, 2023 Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11

‘Rl Volume 1: Conditions of Contract ‘ m Table of Contents Volume 1 Table of Contents Condition of Contract Section 1: Section 2: Section 3: Section 4: Section 5: Section 6: Section 7: Volume 2 General Requirements Specifications Contract Agreement Conditions of Contract — General Conditions of Contract — Particular Conditions Pricing Preambles Appendix to Contract Annex A1-A5 ANNEX Al SCOPE OF WORKS ANNEX A2 SCHEDULE AND MILESTONES REQUIREMENTS ANNEX A3 PROJECT’S MASTER-PLAN ANNEX A4 CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE ANNEX A5 TENDER ANSWERS TO QUERIES Annex B1-B4 ANNEX B1 ADVANCE PAYMENT GUARANTEE FORM ANNEX B2 PERFORMANCE SECURITY FORM ANNEX B3 RETENTION SECURITY FORM ANNEX B4 DISCHARGE AND RELEASE OF LIEN FORM SODIC's Health and Safety Guideline Contractor’s Organization Chart for the purpose of the Works Volume 3 Volume 4 Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Method of Measurements (@ TECTRY Drawings — e [ } FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook —~ Rev.02 Page 2 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Table of Contents Volume 5 - Soil Report (if applicable) Volume 6 - As-Built Drawings (if applicable) DISCLAIMER: BOTH PARTIES HAVE AGREED THAT ALL DOCUMENTS LISTED ABOVE AND NOT ANNEXED TO THIS CONTRACT SHALL BE SUBMITTED, UPON STAMPING BY BOTH PARTIES, THROUGH A SEPARATE FORMAL SUBMITTAL FROM THE EMPLOYER TO THE CONTRACTOR, AND IN CASE OF ANY DISPUTES ARISING PRIOR TO THE STAMPING AND FORMAL SUBMISSION OF SUCH DOCUMENTS, THE LATEST VERSION INCLUDED ON THE E-PROCUREMENT PORTAL SHALL PREVAIL. Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 ‘ " a4 4 PRE i [ 5 3 e are s i et .J’B)""m"" = e FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook - Rev.02 Page 3 of 75

PSR '} Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 1: Contract Agreement Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 WSODIC SECTION 1 CONTRACT AGREEMENT PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook —- Rev.02 Page 4 of 75

- == v Volume 1: Conditions of Contract fi“‘v}fii L Section 1: Contract Agreement > St [ 1 CONTRACT AGREEMENT This Contract Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “Agreement”) is made on the 3¢ of January 2023 by and between: Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (SODIC) (hereinafter called the “Employer”) and located at: km 38 Cairo/Alexandria Desert Road, Sheikh Zayed City, Giza, Egypt Tel: +202 3857 0061/2/3 AND TECTRA for Contracting and Real Estate Development (hereinafter referred to as the “Contractor") with Commercial Register No. 23960 and located at: 1 Wadi EI-Nil St. 6' Floor, Mohandseen, Giza, Egypt WHEREAS the Employer is desirous that the Construction Works for Parcel Karmell 3 Project, on Core & Shell basis consisting of 43 buildings of standalone villas, should be executed by the Contractor, Viz: the engineering, procurement, supply, delivery, installation, execution, testing and commissioning, completion, handing over, in addition to the remedy of any defects therein of the above-named Works as described in the Contract Documents. WHEREAS the Employer has accepted the Tender from the Contractor for the engineering, procurement, supply, delivery, installation, execution, testing and commissioning, completion, handing over, in addition to the remedy of any defects therein for the above-named Works, and as described in the Contract Documents. NOW IT IS AGREED as follows: 1. In this Agreement words and expressions shall have the same meanings as are assigned to them in the Conditions of Contract hereinafter referred to. 2. The following documents shall be deemed to form and be read and construed as part of this Agreement and constitute the Contract Documents and are by order of priority; -——"“"‘---‘—:'S\ 'y ()“J"“r1 u.}; ® This Contract Agreement a3 Agalllh s ® The Letter of Acceptance (if any) ' ® Appendix to Contract ® The Conditions of Contract — Particular Conditions / ® The Conditions of Contract — General Conditions r_/_";-_..:) ® Tender Answers To Queries (if any) - 5 ‘,,r_}-.u\fi e Scope of Works * Schedule and Milestone Requirements PR g0 Rl 0 e Pricing Preambles i l E.m"i‘:w @ ® The Specifications and General Requirements ® The Drawings Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 5 of 75

Smany Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 1: Contract Agreement 10. Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG i K | 3 ® The Bills of Quantities and Method of Measurement ® Any other Documents forming part of the Contract. In consideration of the payments to be made by the Employer to the Contractor as hereinafter mentioned, the Contractor hereby covenants to execute, complete the Works and remedy any defects therein in conformity in all respects with the provisions of the Contract. The Employer hereby covenants to pay the Contractor in consideration of the engineering, procurement, supply, delivery, installation, execution, testing and commissioning, completion and handing over of the Works, and the remedying of any defects therein, the Contract Price of ONLY One Hundred Seven Million, Nine Hundred Eighty-Nine Thousand, Four Hundred Seventy-Six and 90/100 Egyptian Pounds (107,989,476.90 EGP) or such other sum as may be ascertained in accordance with the Contract and at the times and in the manner prescribed by the Contract. The Contract Price shall be based on a unit rate price and is subject to re-measurement. The Contract Price is inclusive of all VAT, taxes, duties, clearance fees, levies, payment of social insurance to relevant authorities, insurances, stamp duties, insurances/dues in respect of temporary labor pursuant to the Ministerial Decree no.162 for the year 2019, and the like. The Contractor shall commence the Works upon receipt of a formal written Notice to Proceed from the Employer (hereinafter referred to as the “NTP”), Unless mutually agreg_g,_,__r-f'"'\‘ otherwise in writing, if the Employer fails to issue a NTP within four (4) calendar monthsz, \ from the date of Contract Agreement signature by the Contractor, this Contract Agreeme t?_ ' shall be considered null and void, with no obligations on either Party, '\ | 2 T -a\ The Contractor shall provide the Employer with an Arabic translated version of the Contracty -~© ~* i and BOQ within a period of 28 days from signing this Contract, in addition to providing legal ‘7}‘\ — ) documents affirming that the Contractor has registered this Contract under the Egyptian Social Insurance. In case of Contractor’s failure in providing such, the Employer shall withhold 5% of value of the Interim Payments until the Contractor provides so. ’i"- i ¢ 3 Prior to the release of the Advance Payment to the Contractor, the Contractor shall submit ‘é a Performance Security within (14) days from the Commencement Date, in the sum stated e in the Appendix, using the Standard Form included in this Volume of the Contract. r__—-'——. Subject to receipt of an accepted Performance Security, the Employer shall release the Advance Payment in the amount stated herein within (14) fourteen days from the date of receipt and acceptance of the Advance Payment Letter of Guarantee and/or the Commencement Date whichever comes later. Retention shall be deducted at the rate stated in the Appendix, in accordance with the Conditions of Contract. The Contractor is deemed to have allowed for the clearance of Site from any debris, waste, excavation or backfilling materials, outside the Site, dumped at public dumps, as required by the authorities. Taking-Over Certificate shall not be issued unless the Site have been cleared of such. \ c:-_.;g__g . FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 6 of 75

| 831 Volume 1: Conditions of Contract W Section 1: Contract Agreement ‘ - Ecgeps 11, The Parties have agreed, pursuant to Clause 58 of the Contract Conditions, that the following item(s) are to be considered as Provisional Sum Item(s), which are yet to be instructed by the Employer: - Internal fences, with a provisional amount of Eight Million Egyptian Pounds (8,000,000.00 EGP). Subject to receipt of the Employer’s written instruction, the Contractor shall proceed with the Provisional Sum item(s) or portions ot trades or elements therein. 12. The Parties have agreed that for the following package (Client Procured Items “CPI"”), the Contractor will be entitled for 5% of the value of the executed works of each package (gross value of works), based on their respective interim payment certificates (such shall not apply on interim payment certificates made in advance by the Employer, on-behalf of the Contractor or payments for the settlement of contractor's/subcontractor’s claims), contracted directly by the Employer for providing coordination and attendance services, such as, but not limited to, power source (within 100m from the workface), lighting, water, scaffolding, cleaning, on-site transportation of goods, loading and unloading, hoisting, storage, and the like, at the Contractor’s cost, in addition to the services specified in the Contract Documents and in accordance with Sub-Clause 31.2 of the Particular Conditions; . gy - Aluminum works; g . - Elevators; 2 L - Garbage chutes; and - Wood works . , \ v a . - ] 7 2 L3 o o Whereas the following packages are excluded from such coordination fee of 5% for CPls, ‘ ] & bk considering that the installation rate of such items is included in the BOQ. Pox oy = 13, The Contractor has allowed for all necessary attendances and facilities necessary for the satisfactory completion of the Works such as, but not limited to Contractor’s mobilization, i S storage, scaffolding, security, etc.. The Contractor shall liaise, coordinate and deal, directly, with both bedouins (Arabs) and authorities at his own responsibility. The Contractor is deemed to have allowed, in the Contract Price, for such dealings. - Lighting fixtures. 14, The Contractor shall be fully responsible to arrange, coordinate and implement necessary - and required drawings, submission, obtaining all approvals, permits, inspections and testing, as may be required by the Employer and/or Egyptian Electrical Authority (EEA). The Contractor shall also be obliged to carry out and coordinate handing over of the electrical works to the Egyptian Electrical Authority (EEA). 15. The Contractor is fully cognizant that other contractor(s) may be appointed by the Employer for the execution of certain works, in connection with the Employer's Project. The Contractor shall at all times coordinate his Works and Programme with that of the other contractor(s), and shall take the lead role in such coordination, and has allowed for such within his Programme., r Q__._Q Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook ~ Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 7 of 75

IRk Volume 1: Conditions of Contract et Section 1: Contract Agreement ‘ o 4 = 16. The Contractor shall be responsible for ensuring complete integration of the Works with those of other contractors and shall do, at his own cost, any necessary site surveys, investigations, coordination and testing, upon receiving the approval of the Engineer and Employer in respect of such works, in order to guarantee such integration. 17. The Contractor shall take all necessary means, including, but not limited to, hiring of full time security personnel, for the purpose of security for the Contractor's materials, Works and works and materials of other contractors nominated or directly employed by the Employer, until the Contractor’s Time for Completion. 18. The Parties have agreed that the Contractor shall be responsible for construction and mobilization electrical source and consumption, and shall provide a temporary electrical source(s) whenever required. Further, in case the main electricity feeder is provided by the authorities during the construction phase, the Contractor shall be provided with a single point of electricity source at the Site boarder, and the Contractor shall be responsible for distribution according to construction requirements, and shall be responsible for the consumption, which will be back charged by the Employer from the Contractor’s payments, In the event of power cut-off or that power supply to the Site is not adequate for the needs of the Works, the Contractor shall provide generators and other facilities as required to fulfill requirements at no additional cost to the Employer. L 19. The Parties have agreed that the Contractor shall be responsible for construction and E ) mobilization water source and consumption at its own cost, and shall provide a temporary | _ A water source(s) whenever required. Further, in case the main water feeder is provided by I s f L= | the authorities during the construction phase, the Contractor shall be provided with a single a ": 1 point of water source at the Site boarder, and the Contractor shall be responsible for X f distribution according to construction requirements, and shall be responsible for the |- i 3 consumption, which will be back charged by the Employer from the Contractor’s payments. 3 . 2} | \ In the event of water cut-off or that water supply to the Site is not adequate for the needs of the Works, the Contractor shall provide its own water source(s) and other facilities as required to fulfill requirements at no additional cost to the Employer. Y g be S 20. The Contractor is bound to assure availability on-Site of personnel noted in the Contractor’s organization chart annexed to the Contract. The Employer shall have the right to withhold the Contractor’s payments due, or may become due, in case of noncompliance with the E s Contractor’s organization chart. < 21. Prior to commencing the Contract Works, the Contractor shall provide documentary evidence that the following insurances have been effected and maintained for the duration of the Works; Insurance Limit of Indemnity Contractor’s All Risk Insurance | Full value of the Works plus 15 percent. Third Party Liability Insurance | Combined single limits of liability for bodily injury or property damage shall be EGP 1 Million, each occurrence (for Bodily Injury, Death limit, with the number of occurrences unlimited. The Incident, Property Damage cover shall include a cross liability clause. and Passenger Liability) Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 8 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 1: Contract Agreement 22. 23. This Agreement supersedes all previous communications and other agreements, whether written or - oral, 5 e lg""“\':_,“"_u!_'-‘:‘l?f_\_, Workmen’s Compensation Insurance Coverage required shall be in accordance with the Egyptian Law, Contractor’s Equipment and Plant Insurance For the full new replacement value of the Contractor’s Equipment, Marine Insurance (when applicable) Full value of the Project’s cargo while in transit by Sea, Air or Road. Marine Liability shall be provided where vessels are used in the performance of the Works. Professional indemnity Insurance (if applicable) The amount of Professional Indemnity Insurance to be provided shall be USD 1,000,000, in respect of each and every occurrence Decennial Liability Insurance (if applicable) In accordance with the Egyptian Law. However, in case the Contractor did not provide all, or part of, the above noted insurances, the Contractor shall still be solely responsible for all of the consequences and implications of any incidents, accidents, etc.., and, the Contractor shall waive any liabilities on the Employer, as a result of such. Further, the Contractor shall submit a draft for the required Insurance Policies for the Employer’s review prior to the procurement of same. The Employer shall have the right to procure such insurance policies, or as may be applicable, and, shall deduct the cost for obtainment of procured insurance policies from monies due to the contractor, or may become due, on pro-rata basis. The Parties have agreed that the Employer shall have the right for assignment of this Contract to any of the Employer’s affiliates or sister companies, ONLY, subject to a seven (7) days prior notice to be given to the Contractor. The Employer’s right for assignment may include the transfer of all of the Employer’s rights under this Contract to any of Employer’s affiliates or sister companies. Notice of assignment shall only be signified and authorized by the Employer’s Representative, regardless of any delegation made thereto. The Parties haueu;\ agreed that the Employer’s right for assignment shall not have any time or cost impaci,_‘:.i whenever notified by the Employer. This Agreement and the attachments referred to herein comprise the entire agreement between the Employer and the Contractor relating to the subject matter hereof and both the Employer and the Contractor each acknowledge that it has not entered into this Agreement relying upon any representation, statement or agreement, whether oral or in writing, other than those expressly incorporated into this Agreement. g 4 1t ad bt - Koo Vo 1€ ™1 2 it No Variation or amendment to this Agreement shall be valid unless such variation or amendment is evidenced in writing, signed by or on behalf of the Employer and the Contractor. IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed the day and year first above written. ) 1E) b IV E B x e g e | Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 9 of 75

— — 1AM Volume 1: Conditions of Contract m Section 1: Contract Agreement . Authorized signature (s) of: Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (SODIC) Name Signature (jf'%'\ Date / 1 e Address Authorized signature (s) of: TECTRA for Contracting and Real Estate Development ’ Name M\ W N M Signature 4‘;’) Date N2 [/ \/ 2ol Address LMW'LL:. Y:\.‘ N‘\\’ Sé' N\W Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 10 of 75

E 3 t]] Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract ' m SECTION 2 CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT - GENERAL @ TECTRY| Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 - Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 11 of 75

Ak RNE Volume 1: Conditions of Contract m Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract ' EXPLANATORY NOTES GENERAL CONDITIONS The General Conditions of Contract shall be the Conditions of Contract for Works of Civil Engineering Construction, Part |, Fourth Edition 1987, (reprinted 1992 with editorial amendments) published by the Federation Internationale Des Ingenieurs Conseils (FIDIC). The Contractor is deemed to have full knowledge of these General Conditions. PARTICULAR CONDITIONS The General Conditions are amended and supplemented by the Particular Conditions, which follow. In the event of any conflict between the General Conditions, and the Particular Conditions, the latter shall govern. TeC Mle Tl Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 12 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract . 50DIC SECTION 3 CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT - PARTICULAR Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 .Tun FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 13 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract o' d o . Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract e = (I <y PARTICULAR CONDITIONS 1.1 DEFINITIONS Insert the following definitions in lieu of the definitions in Sub-Clause 1.1. (a) (i) “Employer” means: Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (SODIC) Km 38 Cairo / Alexandria Desert Road, Sheikh Zayed City, Giza, Egypt PO Box: 119 Sheikh Zayed Tel:+202 3857 0061/2/3 Fax: +202 3857 0060 The Employer’s Representative is Mr. Yasser El Said. Any reference to the Employer wherever made in any of the Contract Documents shall mean reference to the Employer’s Representative and vice versa. {iv) “Engineer” means the individual, firm, company, named by the Employer to act as “Engineer” and/or architect for the supervision of Works including its representatives, successors and permitted assigns Engineer for the purposes of the Contract. (b) {(v) Is amended by the addition of the following words at the end: S The word ‘Tender’ is synonymous with ‘Bid’ and ‘offer’ and the words ‘Tender Documents’ with ‘Bidding Documents’. 3 {c) i) “Commencement Date” means the date for commencement pursuant to Clause | .% 41.1. 9 335 (iii) “Programme” means the programme to be submitted pursuant to Clause 14. a (f) {vi) “Section” or “Milestone” means a part of the Works specifically identified in the = Contract as a Section or Milestone é (vii) “Site” means the places provided by the Employer where the Works are to be .- - (S —n:‘hl [™] R T TR executed and any other places used by the Contractor and approved by the Engineer for the installation of temporary facilities for the Contractor and/or Engineer and/or Employer, and/or for the storage and fabrication of materials and equipment to be incorporated in the Works. THE ENGINEER 2.1 ENGINEER'S DUTIES AND AUTHORITY C__-‘:—-:-) “The Engineer shall obtain the specific approval of the Employer before carrying out his duties in accordance with the following Sub-Clauses: Sub-Clause 14.1Programme to be Submitted == Sub-Clause 40.1Suspension of Work Sub-Clause 44.1Extension of Time for Completion Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 14 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract SN P Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract ‘ %l;l_}v sifi_l Sub-Clause 44.3Interim Determination of Extension Sub-Clause 46.1Rate of Progress Sub-Clause 48.1Taking over Certificate Sub-Clause 48.2Taking Over of Sections or Parts Sub-Clause 51.1Variations Sub-Clause 58.2Use of Provisional Sums Any determination made without obtaining such approval shall be considered null and void. The Contractor shall have the responsibility to verify that such approval has heen obtained. The Employer shall have the right to review, amend and revise the duties or authorities of the Engineer, at any time during the Contract duration.” 4.1 SUBCONTRACTING Add the following at the end of Sub-Clause 4.1: “The Contractor shall comply with the requirements of the Federation of Construction & Building Contractors in Egypt.” 4.3 SUBCONTRACTING, ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .l‘g Add new Sub-Clause 4.3 as follows: R4 ) “In addition to obtaining the Engineer’s consent pursuant to Sub-Clause 4.1, the Contractor shall: —'5 D . Se . $ (a) notify the Engineer within 14 days following the Commencement Date, and before _? -;," 3 commencing work on Site, of any parts of the Works he intends to subcontract for which L%’ g” i approval of the Engineer is required under Sub-Clause 4.1. For each subcontract the } 5 following shall be provided: :; B '32 & \ 0, (i) the name, address and telephone and fax numbers of the Subcontractor; § ! (ii) the nature and scope of the works to be subcontracted; > (iii) information on the Subcontractor's experience of similar works and details of the Subcontractor's site supervision, sources of labour and equipment and financial capabilities, in sufficient detail to enable the Engineer to determine if the Subcontractor is able to undertake and complete the subcontract works within the time and to the standards required by the Contract; (iv) the approximate value of the subcontract works based on the Contract prices; (v) the percentage of (iv) above and the overall percentage of subcontracted works as a proportion of the Contact Price; (vi) confirmation that the subcontract includes terms and conditions and all obligations and responsibilities contained in the Contract, in so far as these apply to the subcontract; {(b) notify the Engineer, at least 21 days prior to the date that the Contractor requires approval from the Engineer, of any proposed change to the Subcontractors notified under (a) above and of any additional parts of the Works he proposes to subcontract. Similar information to that listed under (a) above shall be given for each subcontract; Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 15 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Efarsie Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract ‘ e at ( (c) include in his monthly reports to the Engineer, with copy to the Employer, details of all subcontracts entered into, the names of the Subcontractors and the numbers of staff and labour for each Subcontractor on Site during the month.” 4.4 ASSIGNMENT AND SUBCONTRACTING, ADDITIONAL REMEDIES Add new Sub-Clause 4.4 as follows: “Without prejudice to the remedies under Sub-Clause 63.1 or any other clause in the Contract, if the Contractor assigns or subcontracts the whole or any part of the Works in contravention of SubClauses 3.1 or 4.1 or if a Subcontractor assigns or subcontracts the whole or part of the subcontract works in contravention of Sub-Clause 4.3, the Engineer may, subject to the prior consent of the Employer, take action in respect of either or both of the following: (@) instruct the Contractor to dismiss and remove immediately, or within such other time as may be specified in the instruction, the Subcontractor or the Sub-subcontractor from the Site; {b) deduct from monies otherwise due to the Contractor, up to 15% of the value of the works assigned, subcontracted or sub-subcontracted, based on the Contract Price, as estimated by the Engineer. If there are insufficient monies due to the Contractor to cover the deduction referred to above, the Employer shall have the right to call on the Contractor's Performance Security in order to recover the said monies. 1 - e g paahiger e The Contractor shall not be entitled to any extension of time for completion under Sub-Clause 44.1 arising out of any delay caused by the dismissal and removal of the Subcontractor or subsubcontractor from the Site.” - L LI CONTRACT DOCUMENTS 5.1 LANGUAGE/S AND LAW (a) The language is English (b) The law is that in force in the Arab Republic of Egypt ) The Ruling Language is English. 1.1/:"“:) 5.2 PRIORITY OF CONTRACT DOCUMENTS Replace the words “... follows...” in line 6 and subsequent lines to the end of this Sub-Clause with the following: “... stated in the Form of Agreement.” 6.3 DISRUPTION OF PROGRESS dd the following paragraph at the end of Sub-Clause 6.3: “The Contractor is aware that the Works are proceeding on a fast-track basis and as such, the drawings included in the Tender and the Contract are progress drawings and are not completely Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 16 of 75

li | | I | i | Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Vo' |-1‘>|1|,.|.1, 1 Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract . e St g coordinated. Modifications that appear on completed drawings that do not materially affect the design intent will not be considered as a basis for additional compensation. All conflicts between drawings and technical specifications noticed by the Contractor shall be brought as soon as practicable to the attention of the Engineer.” GENERAL OBLIGATIONS 8.1 CONTRACTOR’S GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES Add the following paragraph at the end of Sub-Clause 8.1: “The Contractor shall take into consideration any special regulations regarding traffic and material movements that may be imposed by the Egyptian government and other authorities having jurisdiction, in the preparation of his Tender, Schedule and the in execution of the Works. The said regulations whether existing or imposed after the signature of the Agreement cannot be used as a basis for additional time and/or cost claims by the Contractor. For the avoidance of doubt, the Contractor is deemed the sole bearer of the traffic and material movement’s regulations risk throughout the Project duration.” 8.3 CONTRACTOR’S FAILURE TO CARRY OUT INSTRUCTIONS Add the following new Sub-Clause 8.3 “In case of default on the part of the Contractor in carrying out the Employer’s instructions within a reasonable time, the Employer shall be entitled to employ and pay other persons to carry out the same and if such work is work which the Contractor was liable to do at his own cost under the Contract, then all costs consequent thereon or incidental thereto shall be recoverable from the Contractor by the Employer, and may be deducted by the Employer from any monies due or to become due to the Contractor and the Engineer shall notify the Contractor accordingly, with a copy to the Employer.” 10.1 PERFORMANCE SECURITY Delete Sub-Clause 10.1 and substitute with the following: “The Contractor shall provide security for his proper performance of the Contract to the Engineer within 14 days from the Commencement Date. The Performance Security shall be in the form of a first-class bank guarantee in accordance with the specimen attached hereto. The amount of the bank guarantee shall be in the sum stated in the Appendix to Contract. The guarantee shall be payable on the Employer's first demand and issued by or through a bona fide Egyptian bank acceptable by the Employer. When providing such security to the Employer, the Contractor shall notify the Engineer of so doing. Without limitation to the provisions of the preceding paragraph, whenever the Engineer determines an addition to the Contract Price as a result of a change in cost and/or legislation or as a result of the total cost of Variations, the Contractor, at the Engineer's written request, shall promptly increase the value of the Performance Security by an equal percentage. The cost of complying with the requirements of this Clause shall be borne by the Contractor.” 10.3 CLAIMS UNDER PERFORMANCE SECURITY Delete Sub-Clause 10.3 entirely. 4.3,.‘:\ | P ot ! JLA.‘J‘.'..\‘J\J Lalill ,Lg‘jlgt' (o U"”"‘“j\ - -~ Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 17 of 75

L= ] | | il l 1l Volume 1; Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract 11.1 INSPECTION OF SITE Delete sub-clause 11.1 and substitute with the following: “The Employer shall have made available to the Contractor, before the submission by the Contractor of the Tender, such data on the site Conditions including but not limited to the hydrological and subsurface conditions and the executed works as have been obtained by or on behalf of the Employer from investigations undertaken relevant to the Works but the Employer takes no responsibility as to the correctness, accuracy or validity of this information, and the Contractor shall be responsible for his own interpretation and shall carry his own investigation if necessary. The Contractor shall be deemed to have inspected and examined the Site and its surroundings and information available in connection therewith and to have satisfied himself (so far as is practicable, having regard to considerations of cost and time) before submitting his Tender, as to: (a) The form and nature thereof, including the sub-surface conditions, (b) The hydrological and climatic conditions, (c) The executed Works preceding his Works, {d) The extent and nature of work and materials necessary for the execution and completionof | = the Works and the remedying of any defects therein, and :,‘ (e) the means of access to the Site and the accommodation he may require and, in general, :3’ ] shall be deemed to have obtained all necessary information, subject as above mentioned, | - - as to risks, contingencies and all other circumstances which may influence or affect his k Tender.” 1 TN Tt =t 12.1 SUFFICIENCY OF TENDER 3 ; 3 : i Z\'-‘ d’> Delete Sub-Clause 12.1 in its entirety and substitute with the following: i i o (1 “Regardless of any information provided by the Employer or the Engineer, the Contractor shall be deemed by its own means and at its own responsibility to have satisfied itself as to the correctness and sufficiency of and all conditions, Contract Documents, with due consideration to their order of priority as included in item (2) of the Agreement, and circumstances affecting the Contract Price and the rates and prices stated in the Bills of Quantities. This applies to: (1) the Site and its surroundings; (2) climatic conditions; (3) the extent and nature of the Works; (4) the superintendence; (5) labor; (6) Plant and Equipment and all other requirements, whether of a temporary or permanent nature; (7) the applicable laws, statutes, and ordinances; (8) other provisions having the force of law, bylaws and regulations; (9) the Time for Completion for the whole of the Works and for each Section of the Works, as to the milestone dates (if any); and (10) generally as to all other circumstances, risks and contingencies which may be relevant to the performance and observance of all the Contractor's obligations under the Contract (including those under Provisional Sums, if any) and to the payments to be made to the Contractor in respect thereof.” 12.2 NOT FORSEEABLE PHYSICAL OBSTRUCTIONS OR CONDITIONS E G Delete paragraph (b) of Sub-Clause 12.2 and Add the following paragraph at end of Sub-Clause 12.2 “No costs shall be payable to the Contractor that are associated with any extension of time determined under this Sub-Clause. Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 18 of 75

Il | | Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract Since the Contractor has to investigate and identify utilities and since this research is within his obligations, the following will not be considered as unforeseeable physical obstructions or conditions: (a) any existing utility from whatsoever kind within the Works area, either acknowledged by the Contractor prior to the Start of the Works or not, (b) the nature of the soil in any part or section of the Works and {c) any required partitioning of the Works and temporary usage of incomplete parts or sections of the Works. Such requirement being issued either by the Engineer or by the local authorities.” 14.1 PROGRAMME TO BE SUBMITTED The Programme shall be submitted within 14 days from the Commencement Date. Add the following text at the end of Sub-Clause 14.1: “As a minimum standard for the Programme to be submitted by the Contractor, the Contractor shall consider within the Programme an appropriately detailed logic-linked Programme for the Works, in B | | a commercially acceptable software, based on the Critical Path Method (CPM), and in conjunction \;f with the Contractor's method of construction approved by the Employer; including, but not limited | = to, key resources, key interfaces and a respective narrative. = P P [} w’ [ ~- ! “ Any resubmission required till obtaining the Engineer’s approval shall be within 7 days from a written notice by the Engineer. Furthermore, “Float” is not solely for the Contractor’s use, and it is defined as the amount of time between the early start date and the late start date or between the early finish date and the late finish date of any activity in the Approved Programme. it - G . ;4 Trwnim wonizad 4ol > i :\.}JL‘ JURSLUNSE - yjjmdx The Employer shall, should the Contractor fail to submit the Programme within the stipulated 14 days from the Commencement Date, withhold all payments due, or may become due to the Contractor, until such time the Programme have been submitted in-line with the above mentioned requirements, industry norms and in accordance with Section 6 — Annex A2 - Schedule And Milestone Requirements.” My 14.2 REVISED PROGRAMME A Delete the text of Sub-clause 14.2 and substitute with the following: 4/"9 “If at any time it appears to the Employer and/or the Engineer that the actual progress of the Works does not conform with the Programme of Works to which approval has been given under Sub-Clause 14.1, the Contractor shall produce, at the request of the Employer and/or the Engineer, a revised Programme of Works showing the modifications to such programme necessary to ensure completion of the Works within the Time for Completion. The Contractor shall produce any such revised Programme of Works to the Employer and the Engineer within seven 7 days of being requested to do so by the Employer and/or the Engineer. The revised Programme of Works thus produced shall be subject to review and approval of the Employer and the Engineer. The Contractor shall on a monthly basis annotate a copy of his current Programme of Works to indicate progress achieved during the month and provide a copy thereof to the Employer and the Engineer within seven 7 days of the end of each calendar month. [ TECTRA Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 19 of 75

Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Volume 1: Conditions of Contract ‘ “a'a'’a In the event of delays, the Contractor shall describe action(s) to be taken by him to overcome the adverse conditions and to maintain the planned construction programme. If, in the opinion of the Employer and/or the Engineer, the Contractor falls behind progress, the Contractor shall take steps as necessary to improve the progress and shall submit, for review and approval of the Employer and the Engineer, revised programmes to demonstrate that the Milestone dates will be achieved, all without additional cost to the Employer and without affecting the Employer’s right to recover all costs in accordance with the Contract. Failure of the Contractor to fulfil the conditions of this Sub-Clause, following a written notice of the Engineer or the Employer, shall give rise to the enforcement of Sub-Clause 60.4.” 14.3 CASH FLOW ESTIMATE TO BE SUBMITTED The cash flow shall be submitted within 14 days from the Commencement Date. Add the following text at the end of Sub-Clause 14.3: “Any resubmission required till obtaining the Engineer’s approval shall be within 7 days from a written notice by the Engineer. Failure of the Contractor to fulfil the conditions of this Sub-Clause, following a written notice of the Engineer or the Employer, shall give rise to the enforcement of Sub-Clause 60.4.” 14.5 REPORTS AND SUBMITTALS Add the following new Sub-Clause 14.5 “The Contractor shall submit to the Employer, with a copy to the Engineer, the following reports, at its own expense, during the duration of the execution of the Works: A. Daily Manpower and Equipment Reports The Contractor shall prepare and submit to the Employer and Engineer, two copies of daily manpower and equipment reports indicating the total number of manual personnel by craft and non-manual personnel including those of its Subcontractors working at the Site as per the form acceptable to the Employer, and the major Construction Equipment in working order, including that of its Subcontractors utilized for the execution of work at the Site. These daily reports shall be summarized on a weekly basis and the summary submitted to Employer and Engineer. Contractor shall include a separate list of items being worked on by the manpower reported. fr B. Monthly Contract Progress Report ,:",_,-D The Contractor shall prepare and submit to the Employer and Engineer, two copies of Monthly Contract Progress Report, within the first 7 days of each calendar month, indicating the following: e A narrative summary of Contract history to date, including description of progress achieved, list of significant milestone events accomplished and related dates. e Narrative descriptions of major near-term events scheduled and their impact on Contract (2 weeks look ahead schedule) e An updated Programme of Works including details as above. e Cumulative percent complete progress curves; planned, actual, forecast, total project, each category as determined by Employer and Engineer. -L_L".ju e ) ,‘J)A-dl SiX] 4 y - > - onim aratid =y = | ey, A e = vy oy FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 20 of 75

| S} Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 ® Photographs of progress of the Works. None of the data contained in the report shall be considered as a valid Notice pursuant to any of the Contract provisions. C. Final Contract Report Contractor shall submit a final Contract Report with detailed cost breakdown of Variation Orders to meet the requirements of Employer’s code of accounts. Employer's code of accounts breakdown will include cost for items such as engineering, Plant, manual and nonmanual labour including man-hours, and Construction Equipment for the execution of the Works. Failure of the Contractor to fulfil any of the above obligations (A) to (C), following a written notice of the Engineer or the Employer, shall give rise to the enforcement of Sub-Clause 60.4.” 19.1 SAFETY, SECURITY AND PROTECTION OF THE ENVIRONMENT Add new paragraph “(d) & (e) & (f)” after paragraph “(c)” as follows: “(d) The Contractor shall at all times take the necessary precautions to reasonably protect the site from rats and other pests and reduce the dangers to health and the general nuisance occasioned by the same. (e) The Contractor shall have sole responsibility for implementing a project safety programme. The Contractor shall co-ordinate with other contractors and subcontractors on safety matters and shall participate in regular periodic safety meetings with the Engineer. (f) The Contractor shall appoint a qualified and approved safety officer to deal with all matters of safety and protection against accidents to staff and labour. The Contractor shall furnish safety equipment and enforce the use of such equipment by his employees, agents and Subcontractors. In the event of an accident, the Contractor shall immediately inform the Engineer and shall give a full written report of the accident to the Engineer.” Add the following paragraph at the end of Sub-Clause 19.1: Failure of the Contractor to fulfil any of the above obligations (a) to (), following a written notice of the Engineer or the Employer, shall give rise to the enforcement of Sub-Clause 60.4.” 20.4 EMPLOYER'S RISKS Delete Sub-Clause 20.4 and substitute with the following: L-—O\-D 20.4 SHARED RISKS The term “Force Majeure” means any event arising beyond the control of either party, which ejther party could not foresee and/or reasonably provide against and/or which prevents either party from performing duties under the Contract. Force Majeure includes but is not limited to the following: a. War, revolution, insurrection, or hostilities (whether declared or not). b. A riot, civil commotion, or a civil uprising (other than among Contractor's employees). FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 21 of 75

LA = = - w ] Volume 1: Conditions of Contract (7 *"'FL?“" =] Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract ‘ e e e ¢. Earthquake, flood, tempest, hurricane, lightning, or other natural disaster. d. Acts of terrorism and terroristic explosions. e. Strike, lockout, or other industrial disturbance (other than among Contractor's employees). In the event that the performance of the Contract is delayed by Force Majeure, either party shall, within 7 days of the commencement of any such delay, give the other party written notice thereof including a statement describing Force Majeure and its effect upon the performance of the Contract. If the delay is excusable, the Employer and Contractor shall, within 7 days after receipt of such notice, consult regarding action to be taken. In the event of a Force Majeure, Contractor, unless directed otherwise in writing by the Employer, shall continue to undertake and perform the duties set forth in the Contract as far as reasonably practicable. Within 15 days after the termination of any such delay, Contractor shall file a written notice to the Employer specifying the efforts which Contractor undertook to prevent or to minimize the effects of the Force Majeure, the actual duration of the delay and the delay impact with respect to each of the affected milestone dates. Failure to give either of the above notices or evidence that Contractor did not use its best efforts to prevent or to mitigate the effects of the delay shall be sufficient grounds for denial of an extension of time. The Employer will evaluate Contractor's notice specifying the actual duration of the delay and the delay impact and an equitable adjustment to the time of performance of the affected milestone date(s) will be mutually agreed and accordingly the Employer will make his determination. The Contractor shall not be entitled to any other compensation due to the Force Majeure. If a Force Majeure event delays the performance of the Contract beyond a continuous period of 30 days, the two parties shall meet to mutually agree how to proceed with the Works.” 20.5 BACK-CHARGES Add new Sub-Clause 20.5 titled as above and its wording as follows: “The Contractor shall take all necessary precautions to prevent and avoid damages to existing building finishes, systems, and equipment. The Contractor shall be responsible for notifying the Employer and the Engineer of any damage encountered during the execution of the Works. The Employer may in addition to any other amounts which he retained under the Contract, retain from any sums otherwise owing to Contractor amounts sufficient to cover the full costs of any of the following: —__ D 1. Damage caused by the Contractor to any existing works; : 2. Contractor's failure to comply with any provision of this Contract or Contractor's acts or omissions in the performance of any part of the Contract, including, but nol limited to, violation of any applicable law, order, rule or regulation, including those regarding safety, hazardous materials or environmental recuirements; and/or >, sedl 18 A - g \ ‘ | J Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook ~ Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 22 of 75

-AELl Volume 1: Conditions of Contract . @W“l Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract . I vl (e I 3. Correction of defective or nonconforming work by redesign, repair, rework, replacement or other appropriate means when the Contractor states, or by its actions indicates, that it is unable or unwilling to proceed with corrective action in a reasonable time. The performance of back-charge work by the Employer shall not relieve Contractor of any of its responsibilities under this Contract including but not limited to express or implied warranties, specified standards for quality, contractual liabilities and indemnifications, and meeting the Contract Milestones.” 21.1 INSURANCE OF WORKS AND CONTRACTOR'S EQUIPMENT Add the following words at the end of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) Sub-Clause 21.1: “It being understood that such insurance shall provide for compensation to be payable to fully rectify the loss or damage incurred. To this end, unless otherwise sanctioned by the Engineer, the amounts recovered from the Insurer shall be provided in the joint names of the Employer and the Contractor.” 21.2 SCOPE OF COVER Delete the following words from the second line of paragraph (a): “.... from the start of work at the Site....” and Replace with the words “... from the first working day after the Commencement Date.” v Add new paragraphs (c) and (d) under Sub-Clause 21.2 as follows: “(c) in addition to the Site anywhere in the Arab Republic of Egypt. {d) It shall be the responsibility of the Contractor to notify the insurance company of anychange . - in the nature and extent of the Works and to ensure the adequacy of the insurance coverage at all times during the period of the Contract.” a4 Add the following at the end of Sub-Clause 21.2. :i “The insurance shall provide for compensation to be payable in the types and proportions of currencies required to rectify the loss or damage incurred.” 21.3 RESPONSIBILITY FOR AMOUNTS NOT RECOVERED Add the following words at the beginning of Sub-Clause 21.3: “Provided that the Contractor has fully complied with the provisions of Clause 21.1 of these Conditions,.....” Add the following words at the end of Sub-Clause 21.3: s —D “All deductibles and excess shall be borne by the Contractor” e al 21.4 EXCLUSIONS i BN COED TR ARG 4 . y Delete Sub-Clause 21.4 and substitute with the following: G § 0%t Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 ~ Redbook ~ Rev.0? Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 23 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract &:fr\:—l S Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract ‘ RENE 0 There shall be no obligation on the Contractor to insure against the risks listed in Sub-Clause 20.4. 22.3 INDEMNITY BY EMPLOYER Delete Sub-Clause 22.3 and substitute with the following: 22.3 INDEMNITY Contractor hereby releases and shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Employer from and against any and all suits, actions, legal or administrative proceedings, claims, demands, damages, liabilities, interest, attorney's fees, costs, expenses, and losses of whatsoever kind or nature in connection with or incidental to the performance of this Contract, whether arising before or after completion of the Works hereunder and in any manner directly or indirectly caused, occasioned, or contributed to in whole or in part, or claimed to be caused, occasioned or contributed to in whole orin part, by reason of any act, omission, fault or negligence whether active or passive of Contractor, its lower-tier suppliers, subcontractors or of anyone acting under its direction or control or on its behalf other than the exceptions defined in Sub-Clause 22.2. 25.1 EVIDENCE AND TERMS OF INSURANCES Delete sub-clause 25.1 and substitute with the following: The Contractor shall provide evidence to the Engineer and/or the Employer prior to the start of work on Site that the insurances required under the Contract have been effected and shall, within 28 days — of the Commencement Date, provide copies of the insurance certificates and policies to the f; Employer and the Engineer. Engineer or the Employer, shall give rise to the enforcement of Sub-Clause 60.4. Failure of the Contractor to fulfil the conditions of this Sub-Clause, following a written notice of the \ 31.2 FACILITIES FOR OTHER CONTRACTORS ‘ "H ix“\.a..d Delete Sub-Clause 31.2 and substitute with the following: s 31.2 FACILITIES FOR AND LIAISON WITH OTHER CONTRACTORS h tJ I \ “The Contractor shall cooperate and liaise with any other contractor or operators working on or ' ~—— "J adjacent to the Site and shall ensure integration of their programmes with his own and allow full access as reasonably required by other contractors in order to carry their works. The Contract Price is deemed to include the cost of carrying out these activities. This shall also include the work of other contractors whose work forms an integral part of the Works. The following details, without limitation, the role of the Contractor in that regard: 4_/’\_,3 (a) The Contractor shall assume the "lead role" and is deemed responsible to cooperate with and coordinate the required interfaces with other contractors working on or adjacent to the site and identify appropriate milestone dates for critical activities in the Contractor’s Programme to ensure that the required interfaces are timely developed. 5 ,,j E‘em (b) Interface issues between the Contractor and any other contractors and/or the mutual ' dependencies of each will require careful assessment and programming and the e cooperation of each contractor is of paramount importance. The Contractor shall cooperate \‘Cf;_ with the other contractors, once appointed and coordinate his activities alongside them S Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 24 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract within the Contractor’s baseline Programme current at any time during the progress of the Works. It is also agreed that the Contractor acknowledges and accepts liability for an overall coordinating function between his works and those of other contractors. (c) The Contractor shall make available to other contractors only such temporary works and facilities that are on site which shall be deemed to include, but not necessarily limited to, the use of access roads, pavings and paths, access to all parts of the Site including access for delivery and distribution of all Goods; use of scaffolding, hoisting and lifting equipment, lighting, power and water supplies, providing space for other contractors’ own offices and for Lhe storage of his Goods including utility supplies and the use of any mess rooms (but not the cost of providing food and beverages etc), sanitary, health and welfare facilities. (d) The Contractor shall take all necessary steps to protect and provide security for the safekeeping of the Site areas used by other contractors and for all Goods and Equipment stored thereon for the entire duration of the Works. (e) Due to the nature of the Works and its relationship to other contracts, reasonable allowance is deemed to have been made by the Contractor for any out of sequence working, disruption associated with the relevant interfaces and any occasional intermittent working that may be expected.” 33.1 CLEARANCE OF SITE ON COMPLETION Add the wording “within 30 days” after the wording “Upon the issue of any Taking-Over Certificate —— the Contractor shall”. 1 LABOUR 1 } Add new Sub-Clauses 34.2 to 34.6 as follows: . _ ! 342 PERMITS } 3 . The Contractor shall obtain all permits and other permissions required for the employment of his Yo staff. The Employer will provide assistance in obtaining such, permits etc. but without thereby | - incurring any liability towards the Contractor. 343 EMPLOYMENT OF PERSONS IN SERVICE OF OTHERS — The Contractor shall not recruit or attempt to recruit his staff and labour from amongst persons in the service of the Employer or the Engineer. 34.4 LABOUR LAWS 1 The Contractor shall comply with all laws and regulations regarding the employment of labour in the : Bz Arab Republic of Egypt, including any such laws or regulations that come into force after the date of i the Tender. 345 SUPPLY OF WATER *i’-—-—-“’-‘D The Parties have agreed that the Contractor shall be responsible for construction and mobilization J water source and consumption at its own cost, and shall provide a temporary water source(s) = whenever required. Further, in case the main water feeder is provided by the authorities during the \E-:_‘ construction phase, the Contractor shall be provided with a single point of water source at the Site S— Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 25 of 75

= Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract boarder, and the Contractor shall be responsible for distribution according to construction requirements, and shall be responsible for the consumption, which will be back charged by the Employer from the Contractor’s payments. In the event of water cut-off or that water supply to the Site is not adequate for the needs of the Works, the Contractor shall provide its own water source(s) and other facilities as required to fulfill requirements at no additional cost to the Employer. 34.6 SUPPLY OF ELECTRICITY The Parties have agreed that the Contractor shall be responsible for construction and mobilization electrical source and consumption at its own cost, and shall provide a temporary electrical source(s) whenever required. Further, in case the main electricity feeder is provided by the authorities during the construction phase, the Contractor shall be provided with a single point of electricity source at the Site boarder, and the Contractor shall be responsible for distribution according to construction requirements, and shall be responsible for the consumption, which will be back charged by the Employer from the Contractor’s payments. In the event of power cut-off or that power supply to the Site is not adequate for the needs of the Works, the Contractor shall provide generators and other facilities as required to fulfill requirements at no additional cost to the Employer. 34.7 ACCIDENTS The Contractor shall have among his staff on Site an officer dealing only with questions regarding the safety and protection against accidents of all staff and labour. This officer shall be qualified for this work and shall have the authority to issue instructions and shall take protective measures to prevent accidents. In the event of an accident, the Contractor shall immediately inform the Engineer and shall give a full written report of the accident to the Employer. P dgadi % (i i) 2-5).. Failure of the Contractor to fulfil the conditions of this Sub-Clause, following a written notice of the Engineer or the Employer, shall give rise to the enforcement of Sub-Clause 60.4. P A d SUSPENSION [ .&’ 40.1 SUSPENSION i v Replace paragraphs (c) and (d) of Sub-Clause 40.1 with the following: i IR “(c) necessary by reason of climatic conditions on the Site or from any of the risks defined in Sub- ' Clause 20.4, or (d) necessary for the proper execution of the Works or the safety of the Works or any part thereof (save to the extent that such necessity arises from any act or default by the Engineer or the Employer),” { COMMENCEMENT AND DELAYS 411 COMMENCEMENT OF WORK L =D Replace the paragraph with the following: The Contractor shall commence the Works as soon as is reasonably possible but in any case the Parties agreed on the Commencement Date to be the date stated in the Appendix. 44,1 EXTENSION OF TIME FOR COMPLETION Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 26 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract |§§?*?jfi'J-: L Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract ne el R oy Replace paragraph (c) of Sub-Clause 44.1 with the following: (c) exceptionally adverse climatic conditions, in the event the Contractor can clearly demonstrate that the occurrence of such conditions is exceptional as compared to events recorded in official weather records for the area of the project over the last 25 years, Add the following paragraphs at the end of Sub-Clause 44.1: In determining any extension of the Time for Completion under this Sub-Clause, the Engineer/Employer shall be entitled to take into account the effect of work omitted by any order issued by him pursuant to Sub-Clause 51.1. Whenever the Contractor is requesting an extension to the Time for Completion pursuant to this Sub-Clause, the Contractor shall submit to the Employer, within (28) days from the date of such act, event or omission giving rise to the Contractor’s application for an extension to the Time for Completion, particulars inclusive of the following; (i) Particulars of the act, event or omission giving rise to the Contractor’s application to which the Contractor consider himself entitled, together with the contractual basis for such application, j (ii) The status of the Works at the time of such act, event or omission, (iii) A detailed fragmentary network (fragnet), reflecting the particulars of the act, event or omission, in a chronological order, and inclusive of a report of the relations between each activity of the fragnet, v - (iv) A detailed Time Impact Analysis, detailing the resultant impact on the Time for Completion and how the fragnet was linked to other activities, ~ 3 9B s e s ael e S {v) An analysis of how remaining float prior to the act, event or omission has been used to minimise the impact on the Time for Completion, (vi) An analysis detailing activities that can be re-sequenced to minimize the impact on the Time for Completion, and / Jhdicy {vii) Any other supporting information that may be required by the Employer. Inthe event that an act, event or omission giving rise to the Contractor’s application for an extension to the Time for Completion, has a continuing effect, as further detailed pursuant to Sub-Clause 44.3, that it is not practicable for the Contractor to submit final particulars within 28 days as detailed above, the Contractor shall submit interim particulars at intervals of not more than 28 days, inclusive T ek of items (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) above, with final particulars within 28 days of the end of the act, T event or omission giving rise to the Contractor’s application, inclusive of the above noted items (i) o to (vii). 45.1 RESTRICTION ON WORKING HOURS L ‘:___/-Q—Q Delete the entire text of Sub-Clause 45.1 and substitute with the following: 45.1.1 Subject to any provision to the contrary contained in the Contract, none of the Works shall, save as hereinafter provided, be carried on during the night or on Fridays or on declared public holidays in the Arab Republic of Egypt, without the consent of the Engineer after due consultation with the Employer and the Contractor, except when work is unavoidable or absolutely necessary for the saving of life or property or for the safety of the Works, in which case the Contractor shall Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 27 of 75

- Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract immediately advise the Engineer. Provided that the provisions of this Clause shall not be applicable in the case of any work which it is customary to carry out by multiple shifts. 45.1.2 The Contractor shall apply in writing for permission for extended work, night work, Friday work, work during public holidays and work outside normal working hours as determined by applicable relevant rules and regulations in Egypt at least two (2) working days before its commencement. If granted all the work at night shall be carried out by the Contractor without unreasonable noise and disturbance. 45.1.3. All work carried out outside of normal working hours will be subject to the Contractor complying at his own expense with the requirements of the applicable rules and regulations in the Arab Republic of Egypt. 45.1.4. Where extended work, night work, Friday work, work during public holidays and work outside normal working hours is permitted and approved, all additional costs of supervision incurred by the Employer will be borne by the Contractor. The Contractor may carry out extended work, night work, Friday work, work during public holidays and work outside normal working hours with the prior approval of the Engineer and/or the Employer on activities that do not require supervision, in which case supervision costs will not occur. Determination of the requirement for supervision shall be at the sole discretion of the Engineer and/or the Employer. 45.1.5 Contractor shall provide adequate lighting facilities to enable the Works to be carried out in a proper manner. Lighting shall be to the satisfaction of the Engineer. 46.2 RATE OF PROGRESS Add new Sub-Clause 46.2 as follows: “If the Contractor failed or refused to take the necessary steps to expedite progress after 7 days of receipt of the Engineer's/Employer’s notification as stated in Sub-Clause 46.1, the Employer shall have the right to take the necessary measures as deemed appropriate to meet the Programme: requirements, and the costs incurred thereof shall be deducted by the Employer from any monies - ': + iyt y due or to become due to the Contractor or be recoverable as a debt. This shall be without prejudicq to the Employer’s rights or the Contractor’s obligations under the Contract.” 47.1 LIQUIDATED DAMAGES FOR DELAY Add the following paragraph at the end of Sub-Clause 47.1: The Employer and the Contractor recognize that time is of the essence and that the Employer will suffer financial as well as non-pecuniary losses if the Works are not completed within the time specified in this Contract, plus any extensions thereof allowed in accordance with the Conditions of Contract. The parties also recognize the delays, expense, and difficulties involved in proving in a legal or arbitration proceeding the actual loss suffered by the Employer if the Works are not completed on time. Accordingly, instead of requiring such proof, the Employer and the Contractor agree that as liquidated damages for delay, but not as a penalty, the Contractor shall pay the Employer the amount stipulated in the Appendix to Contract for each week of delay, or part thereof, in respect of Sections, Milestones, Substantial Completion and Taking-Over. The Employer may, without prejudice to any other method of recovery, deduct the amount of such damages from any monies due or to become due to the Contractor. The payment or deduction of such damages shall not relieve the Contractor from his obligation to complete the Works, or from any other of his obligations and liabilities under the Contract. . = > Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 28 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract e Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract e The said sum shall be due to the Employer by the sole fact of the delay without any previous notice and without having to establish the damage which in all cases be considered as ascertained. 47.3 ENGINEER'S ADDITIONAL FEES Add new Sub-Clause 47.3 as follows: If, by reason of any delay for which the Employer is entitled to payment of liquidated damages under Sub-Clause 47.1, the Employer is obliged to pay additional fees for his Engineer's supervisory staff on Site, the Employer shall be entitled to recover the amount of such additional fees from the Contractor in a manner similar to that set out for the recovery of liquidated damages under SubClause 47.1. 48.1 TAKING OVER CERTIFICATE Add the following paragraph at the end of Sub-Clause 48.1: Provided that, in any case, no Taking Over Certificate shall be issued or shall be deemed to have been issued until the Contractor has provided to the Engineer. a) Operation and maintenance manuals required under the Contract in respect of the Works or Section (if applicable), and b) The as-built up Drawings for the Works or Section. c) Original Warranty Certificates for all Electrical / Mechanical / MEP Works, in accordance with the requirements included in the Specifications (if any). alud Bl 38 e U...."J\ :\S)J 48.3 SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION OF PARTS Add the following paragraph at the end of Sub-Clause 48.3: Occupancy by other contractors to perform work: The Contractor is to allow access to all areas of the site and the use of these areas by other contractors to perform their works. Such access and occupancy shall not constitute completion or acceptance of the Works. w = E DEFECTS LIABILITY 49.1 DEFECTS LIABILITY PERIOD Add the following paragraph at the end of Sub-Clause 49.1: In respect of defects appearing after the interconnection of two or more Sections which have been taken over separately, the Contractor's responsibility shall remain in existence for all interconnected Sections until the latest of the Defects Liability Periods have expired. The Defects Liability Period for the Works shall be extended by a period equal to the period during which the Works cannot be used by reason of a defect or damage. If only part of the Works is affected, the Defects Liability Period shall be extended only for that part. ALTERATIONS, ADDITIONS AND OMISSIONS I : 51.1 VARIATIONS Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 29 of 75

=N i | I i il | Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract Delete 51.1(b) and substitute Sub-clause 51.1(b) as amended to read as follows: (b) Omit any such works without payment to the Contractor of any profit lost on the omitted works. 51.2 INSTRUCTIONS FOR VARIATIONS Add the following after the second sentence of sub-clause 51.2: The Contractor shall proceed with the varied work immediately upon receipt of a written instruction to that effect from the Engineer, regardless of whether or not an agreement on price has been reached. 52.3 VARIATIONS EXCEEDING 15 PER CENT Rename this Sub-Clause as follows: 52.3 VARIATIONS EXCEEDING 25 PER CENT Amend in lines 2 and 13 as follows: Replace 15 per cent by 25 per cent. Add the following paragraph at the end of sub-clause 52.3: “In addition, the Employer may decide upon agreement with the Contractor, to award extra works in other Phases or Packages not forming part of the scope of the Contract and in this case the above limit of 25% will be considered waived.” 53.4 FAILURE TO COMPLY Delete Sub-Clause 53.4 and substitute with the following: Notwithstanding any other provision of the Contract, including without limitation the provisions of Sub-Clause 60.9 of the Conditions of Contract, if the Contractor fails to comply with any of the provisions of the Contract, including without limitation the provisions of Sub-Clauses 6.3, 6.4, 12.2, 44.2,44.3,52.2, 53.1, 53.2 and/or 53.3 of the Conditions of Contract, in respect of any act, event or omission of whatever nature which in the opinion of the Contractor should result in an increase in the Contract Price and/or an extension of the Time for Completion, such failure shall constitute on the part of the Contractor a definitive and irrevocable waiver of, and release of the Engineer and the Employer from, any and all claims arising from any such act, event or omission and the Contractor shall be irrevocably stopped from raising any claims arising from any such act, event or omission thereafter. 53.5 PAYMENT OF CLAIMS \ - Delete Sub-Clause 53.5 and substitute with the following: The Contractor shall include in applications for monthly Payments pursuant to Clause 60 only those amounts in respect of claims which have the prior written agreement of the Engineer. 53.6 UNABSORBED OVERHEAD iy Bl a8 e o s e - Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 30 of 75 oo e y wezmkis 5 = g jemtd)

| {l I W i b Volume 1: Conditions of Contract cH Lfl"_ K8 Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract Add new Sub-Clause 53.6 as follows: Payment shall be made to the Contractor for recovery of unabsorbed overhead costs and/or prolongation costs only when the Contractor demonstrates full compliance with the following: a) b) d) e) f) g) Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 The Contractor shall demonstrate that the work was delayed solely by actions for which the Employer is entirely responsible. Delay to the work is defined as any time the projected end date of the work is extended beyond the current contract completion date and the most recent date predicted for completion of the work on the accepted schedule update current as of the time of the delay. To demonstrate such an impact, the Contractor shall prepare and submit a detailed Time Impact Analysis including a list of all delay events deemed to be introduced by the Employer and/or the Engineer which clearly shows that the current controlling operation has been or will be delayed or prolonged solely by some action of the Employer and has or will cause the time of completion of the work to be delayed past the current contract completion date and the most recent date predicted for completion of the work on the accepted schedule update current as of the time of the delay. A delay to the controlling operation may only arise after the first working day on the project has occurred. The Contractor shall demonstrate that the project's cash flow has been or will be substantially adversely impacted as a direct and sole result of such delay. Substantial impact to the project's cash flow for the work is defined as a reduction of at least ninety percent of the projected cash flow for the entire project for a period of at least one month or more. The Contractor shall also document that: i. The delay caused by the Employer was of an unknown or uncertain duration at the time the delay arose; ii. That the contractor was required to remain on standby during the delay period; iii. The contractor was unable to re-sequence or reorganize the work in order to continue working and maintain cash flow for the project; iv. That the delay to the project's end date did not simply result from additional work caused by change orders which did not result in a substantial impact to the project's cash flow; and; v. That there was no concurrent delay during this period of time. Provided that the Contractor complies fully with all of the above requirements, unabsorbed overhead costs shall be calculated in strict accordance with world-wide established procedures, subject to the Employer’s approval. The Contractor shall be required to provide sufficient back up documentation to support the costs utilized in such procedures. The Contractor shall submit his annual audited financial statement(s) for the Employer for every year in which the work was performed in order to document the numbers used in the formula. ¢ = Any payment of unabsorbed overhead cusls shall not be subject Lo any ulher mark-ups lor overhead or profit. If payment is made for unahsorbed overhead costs under this section, such payment shall be adjusted by subtracting the amount of overhead cost paid to the ad - _ | FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 31 of 75 u-l J‘la i -'.u\g).—.l-h_{

- maal 4 3 | | | b | v Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract Volume 1: Conditions of Contract ‘ I'-l‘is_:?_'fif-_-?b}:_f‘f]lblf".i I Contractor on change order work during the period in which the unabsorbed overhead occurred. 53.7 DISALLOWANCE Add new Sub-Clause 53.7 as follows: Costs which shall not be allowed or paid in change orders or claim settlements under this Contract include, but are not limited to, interest cost of any type; claim preparation or filing costs; legal expenses; the costs of preparing or reviewing proposed change orders or change order proposals concerning change orders which are not issued by the Employer; lost revenues; lost profits; lost income or earnings; rescheduling costs; costs of idled equipment when such equipment is not yet at the site or has not yet been employed on the work; lost earnings or interest on unpaid retainage; claims consulting costs; the costs of corporate officers or staff visiting the site or participating in meetings with the Employer; any compensation due to the fluctuation of foreign currency conversions or exchange rates; or loss of other business. CONTRACTOR'S EQUIPMENT, TEMPORARY WORKS AND MATERIALS —— 54.9 TEMPORARY FACILITIES AND SERVICES FOR THE EMPLOYER AND ENGINEER ‘1, } 2 i Add new Sub-Clause 54.9 as follows: ‘—‘_; D If the Contractor fails to provide and maintain any of the Temporary Works and services required :" .- 3, for the use of the Employer and Engineer and their staff then the Engineer shall be entitled to | ¥ provide and maintain such Temporary Works and services and shall be entitled to recover fromthe |7 ¥ } Contractor the cost thereof or may deduct the same from any monies due or that become due to the Contractor. Y [ CE—, &)’JJ‘“'V i MEASUREMENT ! | by s 4 56.1 WORKTO BE MEASURED ' Add the following at the end of this Sub-Clause. For the purpose of ascertaining and determining the value of the Works as stated in this Clause, the Measurement of the Works as executed and associated As-Built Drawings shall be carried out by the Contractor progressively and timely, and submitted to the Engineer for his approval. CERTIFICATES AND PAYMENT 60.1 MONTHLY STATEMENTS Delete the text of sub-paragraph (c) and substitute with the following: D “(c) In respect of major items of materials brought by the Contractor to the Site for incorporation in the Permanent Works, the Contractor shall (a) receive a credit in the month in which these materials are brought to the Site and (b) be charged a debit in the month in which they are incorporated in the Permanent Works, both credit and debit to be determined by the Engineer in accordance with the following: Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 32 of 75

e R Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 . MI? I Q%y_u i No credit shall be given unless the following conditions have been met to the Engineer's satisfaction: a. the materials are in accordance with the Specifications of the Works; b. the materials have been delivered to the Site and are properly stored and protected against loss, damage or deterioration; c. the materials are delivered to the Site in the times stated in Section V| —Schedule and Milestone Requirements; d. the Contractor's records of the requirements, orders, receipts and use of materials are kept in a form approved by the Engineer, and such records are available for inspection by the Engineer; and e. the materials are to be used within a reasonable time. ii. the amount to be debited and credited to the Contractor, in respect of materials brought to the Site by the Contractor for incorporation in the Works, shall be limited to percentages and items specified in the Appendix to Contract. iii. ~ the amount to be debited to the Contractor for any materials incorporated into the Permanent Works shall be equivalent to the credit previously granted to the Contractor for such materials pursuant to this Sub-Clause (c) (ii) above, as determined by the Engineer. iv. Any amounts credited to the Contractor in respect of materials under this Sub-Clause, shall be subject to the amortization of Advance Payment.” 60.2 MONTHLY PAYMENTS Delete Sub-Clause 60.2 and substitute with the following: The Contractor’s statement shall be approved or amended by the Engineer in such a way that, in his opinion, it reflects the amounts due to the Contractor in accordance with the Contract, after deduction, other than pursuant to Clause 47, of any sums which may have become due and payable by the Contractor to the Employer. Within 28 days of receipt of the statement referred to in Sub-Clause 60.1, the Engineer shall determine the amounts due to the Contractor and shall issue to the Employer after the approval of the Engineer the Interim Payment Certificate certifying the amounts to the Contractor, subject: (a) firstly, to the retention of the amount calculated by applying the Percentage of Retention stated in the Appendix to Contract, to the amount to which the Contractor is entitled under Sub-Clause 60.1 until the amount so retained reaches the Limit of Retention Money stated in the Appendix to Contract, and (b) secondly, to the deduction, other than pursuant to Clause 47, of any sums which may have become due and payable by the Contractor to the Employer. Provided that the Engineer shall not be bound to certify any payment under this Sub-Clause if the net amount thereof, after all retentions and deductions, will be less than the minimum Interim Payment Certificates stated in the Appendix to Contract. > C___———._.;D In case there is difference of opinion as to any item included in the Contractor’s Statement or its value, the Engineer s opinion shall prevail. 5 } :’; . T 3 o 3 PR 4 ') Dy kN ) 311 Y 1 J.\-;EM‘I‘J | FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 33 of 75

cREAA Volume 1: Conditions of Contract 7% ,E«_fl P Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract o (W, 9, @ Notwithstanding the terms of this Clause or any other Clause of the Contract, no amount shall be certified by the Engineer for payment until the Performance Security has been provided by the Contractor and approved by the Employer. 60.4 CORRECTION OF CERTIFICATES Add the following at the end of Sub-Clause 60.4: Without limiting the Engineer/Employer's power under this Sub-Clause, the Engineer/Employer shall have the power to reduce the value of any payment certificates or hold any payment certificates if, in his opinion, the Contractor is not discharging his responsibilities with regard, but not limited to, the following: (a) provision of shop drawings, samples, progress reports, submittals and the like under Clauses 6,7 and 14.5 (b) provision of or revisions to the Programme, resource schedules and Cash Flow estimate under Clause 14 (c) safety and security measures under Clause 19 (d) provision or renewal of insurances under Clauses 21, 23 and 24 ks (e) provision or renewal of Bank Guarantees ;‘;jn\ f) compliance with statutes and regulations under Clause 26 :1 " . {g8) compliance with Sub-Clause 32.1 :: = , kY l (h) provision of temporary facilities for the Employer and Engineer. _; LI (i) works are not progressing to a level to complete the Works as described in the approved | 73 ! programme and to meet the approved critical milestones. Ll <y g If the Contractor does not take, within a reasonable time period, the necessary corrective measures g to eliminate the reasons for the Engineer’s reduction as aforestated, the Employer may, without prejudice to any other rights he may have by law or under the Contract, withhold payments due or ——— - to become due to the Contractor until the said measures have been taken by the Contractor to the satisfaction of the Engineer. J 1 33 j"’ 60.5 STATEMENT AT COMPLETION Add the following sentence {d) before the last paragraph of Sub-clause 60.5 as follows: (d) Proof that the Contractor has paid and fulfilled the requirements of the social insurance of his staff and labours regarding the executed works. 60.10 TIME FOR PAYMENT ;_’_\;_b:) Delete Sub-Clause 60.10 and substitute with the following: The amount due to the Contractor under any Interim Payment Certificate issued by the Engineer pursuant to this Clause, or to any other term of the Contract, shall, subject to Clause 47, be paid by the Employer to the Contractor within 21 days after such Interim Payment Certificate has been delivered to the Employer, or, in the case of the Final Payment Certificate referred to in Sub-Clause 60.8, within 56 days, after such Final Payment Certificate has been delivered to the Employer. In the Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 34 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract event of the failure of the Employer to make payment within the times stated, the Employer shall pay to the Contractor interest at the rate stated in the Appendix to Tender upon all sums unpaid from the date by which the same should have been paid. The provisions of this Sub-Clause are without prejudice to the Contractor's entitlement under Clause 69 or otherwise. 60.11 CURRENCY OF ACCOUNT AND PAYMENTS Add new Sub-Clause 60.11 as follows: Payments to the Contractor by the Employer shall be made in the currencies in which the Contract Price is payable and as indicated in the Contract Agreement. 60.12 ADVANCE PAYMENT dd new Sub-Clause 60.12 as follows: (a) After issuing the NTP, and after the provision by the Contractor of the Performance Security in accordance with Clause 10.1, and after provision by the Contractor to the Engineer of an approved advance payment guarantee in the sum stated in the Appendix to Contract, in terms similar to the form annexed to these Conditions, the Engineer shall, pursuant to this Clause, certify under a separate “Advance Payment Certificate” and the Employer shall pay, in accordance with Sub-Clause 60.10, an advance payment in the sum stated in the Appendix————— to Contract. The advance payments shall not be subject to the deduction of retention. “% 1 Repayment of the advance payments shall be made monthly by the deduction of the sa value of the advance payment made to the Contractor from the gross amount of payments certified, including variation orders and material delivered to Site, in accorda with Sub-Clause 60.2, Provided that upon issue of the Taking Over Certificate for the whole of the Works or upc happening of any of the events specified in Sub-Clause 63.1 or termination under Clause 65, 66 or 69, the whole of the balance then outstanding shall immediately become due and = payable by the Contractor to the Employer. 3 (b) The advance payment shall be used by the Contractor exclusively for mobilization-—— expenditures and the supply of the required materials in connection with the Works. Should the Contractor misappropriate any portion of the advance payment, it shall become due and payable immediately, and no further loan will be made to the Contractor thereafter. 60.13 SOCIAL INSURANCE Add new Sub-Clause 60.13 as follows: “The Employer shall withhold the applicable percentage of the social insurance from each payment certificate. The withheld percentage shall be released to the Contractor upon receipt of the clearance certificate issued from the Social Insurance Authority for the payment of the applicable social insurance by the Contractor.” 60.14 TAXATION c._.__--fl-:') Add new Sub-Clause 60.14 titled as above and its wording as follows: i gl Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 35 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 The prices in the Contract are deemed to include all taxes, customs duties, import duties, sales and business taxes on goods and/or services, and income and other taxes that may be levied. The Contractor is obliged under the civil liability and criminal liability to provide the authorities with the value added taxes (VAT) according to the provisions of law No. 67 of 2016, and as amended. Whereas the Contactor shall within 28 days from the commencement date submit an evidence that he has informed the general authority of value added taxes (VAT) and periodically to manifest the clearance of so paying such taxes. REMEDIES 63.1 DEFAULT OF CONTRACTOR Delete the text of sub-paragraph (d) and substitute with the following: “(d) despite previous warning from the Engineer or the Employer, in writing, is otherwise persistently or flagrantly neglecting to comply with any of his obligations under the Contract, or” 65.2 SPECIAL RISKS Delete Sub-Clause 65.2 and substitute with the following: The special risks are the risks defined under paragraph (a) of the Shared risks in Sub-Clause 20.4, insofar and limited that these risks relate to the country in which the Works are to be executed. 65.5 INCREASED COSTS ARISING FROM SPECIAL RISKS Delete Sub-Clause 65.5 and substitute with the following: “The Contractor’s entitlement for increased costs arising from special risks shall be limited to entitlements pursuant to Sub-Clause 65.3" SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES 67.3 ARBITRATION Delete from lines 6 and 7 the words “unless otherwise specified in the Contract, under the Rules of Conciliation and Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce by one or more arbitrators” and substitute with the following: “under the rules of Cairo Regional Center for International Commercial Arbitration by three arbitrators”. | Add the following at the end Sub-Clause 67.3: ,,,5—1—:) Arbitration shall be in accordance with the following provisions: 1. Arbitration shall be according to the Egyptian Law 2. Arbitration shall be in English 3. Arbitration shall be take place at Cairo Regional Center for International Commercial Arbitration, Cairo, Egypt. NOTICES FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 36 of 75

-angl Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract ‘ 68.2 NOTICE TO EMPLOYER AND ENGINEER Employer's address: Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (SODIC) Km 38 Cairo / Alexandria Desert Road, Sheikh Zayed City, Giza, Egypt PO Box: 119 Sheikh Zayed Tel:+202 3857 0061/2/3 Fax: +202 3857 0060 CHANGES IN COST AND LEGISLATION 70.1 INCREASE OR DECREASE OF COST Delete Sub-Clause 70.1 and substitute with the following: The Contract Price, and the rates and prices set out in the Bills of Quantities, shall not be subject to change in respect of rise or fall in the cost of labour and/or materials or any other matters affecting the cost of the execution of the Works, and, regardless of the nature and/or cause of such increase or decrease. As a limited exception, there shall only be added to or deducted from the Contract Price such sums S in respect of rise or fall in the cost of steel reinforcement material and ready-mix concrete used, in ~E’ _ case of the Contractor’s supply to the concrete, according to the following stipulations and ‘j Ik = p ) procedure: L., oL a LN A. For Steel Rebar: g ¥ ¥ x R In cases of price fluctuation of the steel reinforcement material, the increment or the decrement to : } 1 be applied to the material supply base rate shall be calculated for the actual executed materials - 4. based on the following: g { 1.1. The price fluctuation value shall be determined according to the provisions l ‘.., _ hereunder. — 1.2, The price fluctuation value (calculated in item 1.1 above) shall be multiplied by 1.05 to cover for the materials wastage. B. For Ready Mix Concrete: In cases of price fluctuation of the ready mix concrete used, the increment or the decrement to be &, applied to the material supply base rate shall be calculated for the actual executed materials based on the following: 2.1. The price fluctuation value shall be determined according to the provisions Hfi hereunder. g BB 2.2. The value calculated in item 2.1 above shall be multiplied by the quantity of poured ready-mix concrete (according to approved Design Mixes). ~ o= _ - e e Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 37 of 75

el Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract For the avoidance of doubt, the equations below show how the fluctuation shall be applied in cases of price increment or decrement for steel rebar and ready-mix concrete: For Steel Rebar: Price adjustment for the actual executed materials in case of the price increase or decrease [(Current Rate — Base Rate) x 1.05] x quantity of steel rebars installed For Ready Mix Concrete : Price adjustment for the actual executed materials in case of the price increase or decrease of each of the following: Cement: -New Concrete rate = Old Concrete rate + (New Cement rate as announced by CAPMAS - Old Cement Base Rate) x (Cement Content) | Diesel: N 9 -New Concrete rate = Old Concrete rate + ((New Diesel rate as announced by competent "'2 L authorities / Old Diesel Base Rate) -1) x 0.04 x Concrete Price) ’ {; S j Base Coarse Aggregate: 7 » % - ] y -New Concrete rate = Old Concrete rate + (New Coarse Aggregate average rate as substantiated 3 J 1 by Contractor and approved by Employer - Old Coarse Aggregate Average Base Rate) x 0.8 ot _, i ? : - Additives i.‘ » W -New Concrete rate = Old Concrete rate + (New Additives average rate as substantiated by Contractor and approved by Employer - Old Additives Base Rate) x Additives Content as per approved concrete mix approved design Agreement on the Current and Base Rates The Base Rates are as follows: C__;—:Q Steel 17,000 EGP/ton ex-factory Cement 1,200 EGP/ ton ex-factory for cement bags Base coarse aggregate - Average 210 EGP / M3 Diesel 7.25 EGP/ Litre Additives - Average 13 EGP/ Litre Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 38 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract ‘ E’fl;‘_fhfi’“' = Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract e g The Old Concrete rates are as follows: Ready Mix concrete Grade 170 780.52 EGP/ M3 Ready Mix concrete Grade 200 780.52 EGP/ M3 Ready Mix concrete Grade 250 876.95 EGP/ M3 Ready Mix concrete Grade 300 927.28 EGP/ M3 Ready Mix concrete Grade 350 1,020.20 EGP/ M3 The difference in rate (addition or omission) shall be determined by the following factors, by the order of their precedence: i. Rate from Central Agency for Public Mobilization and Statistics “CAPMAS”; ii. Agreement between the parties as to the new rate; ii. Actual original invoices, excluding any transportation or additional costs. Ex-factory invoices are recommended. ;} For the purposes of establishing the difference in rate, the rate shall increase only to the extent that ‘ ? g it has not occurred due to a Contractor-caused delay in maintaining progress in accordance with the ‘ > = B Programme. B S {1 U 2 The difference in rate (addition or omission) shall apply only to the net steel reinforcement and/or = ready-mix concrete as incorporated in the Works and measured accordingly. <y The Contractor shall provide documentary evidence (which may include but is not limited to supplier | quotes, purchase orders, invoices, delivery notes,...) substantiating to the Employer’s satisfaction the difference in rate, which shall be a condition precedent to the Contractor's entitlement to payment of the said difference for the steel reinforcement and/or ready-mix concrete incorporated in the Works. Juaiayly 70.2 SUBSEQUENT LEGISLATION Delete Sub-Clause 70.2 and substitute with the following: “The rates and prices in the Bill of Quantities are deemed to include for the cost of all duties, levies and charges payable to the Government of the Arab Republic of Egypt under any National or local government statute, ordinance, decree, regulation, law or by-law in force in as of the date of issuing signing the Contract Agreement. If after the date of Contract signature and during Contract execution, there may be any legislative changes in law(s), with regard to taxes, social insurances and/or announced diesel prices, which cause direct additional or reduced cost to materials intended to form part of the Permanent Works, such additional or reduced cost shall be determined by the Employer and shall be added to or deducted from the Contract Price, but in any case such additional or reduced cost shall not exceed the actual incurred costs on the remaining Works, subject that they are compliant with the Clause 14.1 Programme, and shall exclude any impact on the Contractor’s indirect costs, overheads or prafits, and shall take into consideration the Contractar’s utilization of the Advance payments made by the Employer. \ P - Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 39 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Mfiht = Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract ‘ (SIS The Parties agreed that the Base Rate for Diesel (officially published), for the purpose of this SubClause, is EGP 7.25 per litre. In addition, the Parties agreed to allow for the fluctuation of such by +/- 5%, without an entitlement to either Party to adjust the Contract Price.” CURRENCY AND RATES OF EXCHANGE 72.3 CURRENCIES OF PAYMENT FOR PROVISIONAL SUMS Delete the words “Sub-Clauses 72.1 and 72.2” from the 4th line and substitute with the words “SubClause 60.11". ADDITIONAL CLAUSES TAXATION AND IMPORT DUTIES 73.1 LOCAL TAXATION The Contractor shall pay all business taxes, value added taxes (VAT) on goods and Contractor’s activities, profits tax and income tax chargeable in the Arab Republic of Egypt on the Contractor's activities in connection with the Contract. The Contract Price shall be deemed to include for all such taxes. 73.2 INCOME TAX ON STAFF | | l L The Contractor's staff, personnel and labour will be liable to pay personal income tax in respect of such of their salaries and wages as are chargeable under the laws and regulations of the Arab Republic of Egypt. The Contractor shall perform such duties with regard to deductions of such tax as may be imposed on him by such laws and regulations. 73.3 CUSTOMS AND IMPORT DUTIES ON IMPORTED ITEMS ETC. The Contract Price shall include all customs duties and charges, import duties, business taxes, and any other costs of importation such as insurance, port clearance, transportation to the Site etc. on the Plant, materials and supplies (permanent, temporary and consumable) acquired for the purpose of the Contract and on the services performed under the Contract. Myl dpatll 581 s ol G L gy 73.4 CUSTOMS DUTIES ON CONTRACTOR'S EQUIPMENT The Contractor shall abide by all laws in the Arab Republic of Egypt concerning the importation of Contractor's Equipment for use in the Works and shall pay all customs and import duties and provide such guarantees concerning the re-export of Contractor's Equipment as may be demanded by the relevant authorities. The Contract Price shall be deemed to include for all such costs. OTHER ADDITIONAL CLAUSES i gl 75.1 TERMINATION OF CONTRACT FOR EMPLOYER'S CONVENIENCE The Employer may in his absolute discretion terminate the Contract for his convenience at any time by giving the Contractor Fourteen (14) days' prior written notice, whereupon the Contractor shall stop performance of the Works and take such action as the Employer may reasonably direct (including in respect of any work then in hand). In the event of such termination, the Contractor ] shall proceed as provided in sub-clause 65.7 and the Employer’s obligations to the Contractor in Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 40 of 75

TR pLalR Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Volume 1: Conditions of Contract N oY V] Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract ‘ M o regard to payment shall be only for the Works and Materials that have been delivered that are approved by the Consultant and the Employer. In case of such, the Contract shall be considered ipso facto rescinded, without the need for any precedent tribunal decision(s); whether Court Judgment/Authorization or Arbitral Procedures, whereas the Parties have expressly agreed that the prior notice required under this Sub-clause for enforcement, are dispensed herewith. 75.2 DETAILS TO BE CONFIDENTIAL The Contractor shall treat the Contract Documents and details of the Contract as private and confidential and save in so far as may be necessary for the purposes of the Contract, shall not disclose the same or any particulars thereof to any person, nor publish any particulars thereof in any trade or technical paper, publicity material or elsewhere without the consent of the Engineer. All documents provided to the Contractor shall be used only for the purposes of the Contract. All of the Contractor’s and sub-contractor’s staff are to sign Confidentiality Agreements on their first day of work on the Contract. This is to apply to both on and off site personnel. 75.3 PUBLICITY 75.3.1 The Contractor or any agents in his employ shall not make any announcement or give or disclose any information concerning this Contract or the Project or the Works or any part thereof. No announcements may be released for publication in any form without the written approval of the Employer. 75.3.2 The Contractor or any of his Subcontractors shall not erect a placard or advertisement within or near the Site without written approval by the Employer. 75.33 The Contractor shall not use the Employer’s name in connection with the Contract or disclose the existence of the Contract in any publicity material or other similar communication to third parties without prior approval. This prohibition specifically includes, but is not limited to, any public release (either through print or broadcast news media), any articles prepared for internal or external publication, technical papers, and discussions with journalists. 75.3.4 All advertisements or placards within the Site shall be removed within thirty (30} days of the date of completion of the Works, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Employer. 75.3.5 The Contractor shall not use Employer's name or Job Site’s live shots (photos) catalogues, presentations, brochures and the like during the execution and/or after the completion without having Employer’s explicit written approval, the Employer shall have the right to object on the entity this information will be disclosed to, as well as the quality of such photos, shots catalogues, presentations, brochures and the like. Should the Employer objects, the Contractor shall not proceed of doing so. 76. WAIVER 2 Sl Contraclor is ubligaled Lo adhere strictly wilh all conditions stipulated under Lhis Conlract, none of them shall be considered waived by the Employer unless such waiver is communicated by the Employer in writing. > )& Laifm*‘]\’ w“ P NEE L_,-,-'.UJ\, o gyt as L] ) e - i E3 J FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 41 of 75

- Volume 1: Conditions of Contract ‘ - ;.{_} [ ;_,, 1 Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract L Any failure and / or delay by the Employer in exercising rights, privilege and / or remedy provided under this Contract or by law, or to properly notify Contractor in the event of breach, shall not constitute a waiver of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it preclude or restrict any further exercise of that or any other right or remedy. 77. COURT ORDER AND ARBITRAL DECISION WAIVER Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Contractor expressly waives any requirement on the Employer to obtain a prior court order or a prior arbitral decision in exercising any of his rights under the Contract. 78. SEVERABILITY In the case of any court or jurisdiction held any provision of this Contract invalid on unenforceable, thus shall not affect the validity of any other provisions in this Contract, which shall remain in the full force and effect. 79. SURVIVAL Any provision of this Contract which imposes an obligation after termination or expiration of this R Contract shall survive the termination or expiration. *y 80. PAYMENT TO LOWER-TIER 33 , Contractor agrees to furnish the Employer if requested to do so, with a periodic evidence of periodic ; 3 W " " ~ and timely paying of its indebtedness, if Contractor fails to pay to its lower-tiers or others or fails to 1 provide such evidence, the Employer after giving 15 days’ notice may withhold any money due to - | Contractor until such indebtedness is paid. = | 5 81. MILESTONES AND INTERMITTENT WORKING ‘1 ? | [ ! Due to the nature of work and due to the presence of other Contractors on-site, reasonable | Pe allowance is deemed to have been made by the Contractor for disruption with relevant interfaces ha) 1 with other contractors, and occasional intermittent working may be expected, and the Contractor waives any claim against the Employer in this respect. The Contractor is responsible to directly coordinate his Works with the works of other Contractors and shall promptly inform that Employer and the Engineer in case of any conflicts those may affect the progress of the Works. The Employer will identify to the Contractor in due course and at a reasonable time during the Project duration any additional milestones that shall be incorporated in his time schedule. 82. DUTY TO MITIGATE The Contractor shall exercise all reasonable efforts to limit and minimize damages he may incur as a result of the Employer’s default or non-performance under the Contract. This shall be reflected in two aspects: first, the Contractor shall take all reasonable steps to minimize its loss; and secondly, the Contractor shall not take unreasonable actions or steps that may increase or add to damages, either time or cost, that he may incur as a result of such. Further, the Contractor shall, within 14 F _fi days from the Employer’s request, submit evidence of all meaningful attempts taken by him to L‘m mitigate such damages. . » 83. OTHER ADDITIONAL CLAUSES ;::E Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PXG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 42 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 2&3: Conditions of Contract Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 ] . SODIC All tools and equipment and machinery provided by the Contractor are considered a guarantor of all dues to the Employer and are mortgaged in favour of the Employer during the project duration. Contractor is not entitled to transfer or dispose of it only after the completion of the works and / or with the consent of the Employer. The Employer is not responsible for the provision of places for the accommodation / housing of workers, in case of availability of places. It is entircly forbidden to use the facilities under construction to house or accommodate any workers unless approved by the Employer in writing. The Contractor is obligated to be in fully coordination with the security, safety and administrative departments on Site before and during the course of execution and to fully comply with all instructions and procedures. The Contractor is obligated to carry all insurances for him and his workers and equipment, all in accordance with applicable and complementary laws, and any subsequent laws / regulations issued during the implementation, and refrain from running any worker who is not registered and does not carry insurance card, Contractor strictly must not employ any worker less than 19 years old. Contractor shall provide all necessary tools / equipment / PPE, to ensure the compliance with safety requirements. The Contractor shall remove any equipment or individual from the job Site immediately upon Employer's request or his representative or his authorized representative because of noncompliance with terms of the contract or breach of instructions and conditions. Any cost and/or delay(s) emerged from such removal should be carried solely by the Contractor. Contractor is committed to use suitable means of transport and to take all necessary measures to prevent damage to public roads and bridges, which used to and from the Site. FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 43 of 75 - o ] = _y‘,)‘dnd

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 4: Pricing Preambles Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Jo iy Ayal o 28 o ol Ay \U L9 - . > - R .o -y Y <kl wl o VSIS S SECTION A4 PRICING PREAMBLES FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 44 of 75

imaEs Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 4: Pricing Preambles l"«-;-’? P l'_\‘>\.|. ] ot S| PRICING PREAMBLES 1.0 1.1 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 RE-MEASURED CONTRACT The Contract is a remeasured type of Contract. GENERALLY The Details of Pricing, Schedule of Rates and Daywork Schedule herein, including all notes and instructions, form an integral part of the Tender Documents. However, the descriptions contained in the Details Pricing, Schedule of Rates and Daywork Schedule for each item is not necessarily complete. The Tenderer is referred to the General Conditions of Contract, Conditions of Particular Application, General Requirements — Division 01, General Requirements — Package Scope, related Specification Sections, Drawings, any other Tender documents as well as relevant Standards and Codes of Practices for further information as no additional items will be supplemented to the aforesaid Details of Pricing after award of the Contract on account of the Contractor’s failure so to do. The Tenderer is permitted to include a priced list of additional items if he requires doing so in order to comply with the aforementioned Item no. 1 of these Pricing Preambles. The Tenderer’s rates in Details of Pricing, Schedule of Rates and Day work rates aretobe . the fully inclusive value of the work described and must include all related work, accessories *X and / or consumable materials, etc., including wastage, if any, and inclusive of, but not limited to the followings: I a. Labor including wages, food, accommodation and all costs, payments and charge.%' including gratuity, annual and public holidays, travelling time, expenses, air fares, transport, recruitment expenses, guaranteed time, non-productive time, and other expenses in connection with overtime, incentive and bonus payments, and othe disbursements arising from employment labor including redundancy payments. 3 . It Al b. Supervision on site and off site including all costs of engineer’s, foremen’s, leadin craftsmen’s, ganger’s and any other supervisor’s time and extra emoluments paid t those supervision staff. ¢. Materials and all related costs arising from procuring of materials until delivery to site and procurement charges etc. (except Day works). d. Tools, Contractor’s Equipment, construction vehicles and all related costs including fuel, oil, lubricants, all other consumables, servicing, repairs, spare parts, replacements, haulage to and from site, attendants and costs of drivers and operators. t e iad f. Engineering and all related costs including but not limited to preparation of shop drawings, schedules, calculations, construction schedules, material submittals and approval, material procurement schedules and reports, material sample submittals, shop drawing status schedules and the like, including revising and resubmitting them until obtaining the approvals from the Engineer(s) and/or the Employer. e. Bulking, shrinkage, overlaps, rolling margins, etc. FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 45 of 75 e l Jhaliayly

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 4: Pricing Preambles 24 25 2.6 2.7 2.8 29 Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 g. Material samples and all related costs. h. All on site and offsite overheads and profits and all costs and expenses which may be required in and for the completion of the Works described together with all costs and expenses in complying with all general risk liabilities and obligations set forth or implied in the Drawings, Specifications, General Conditions of Contract, Conditions of Particular Application, General Requirements — Division 01, General Requirements — Package Scope and any other document forming part of Tender documents. i. Allowance for any and all preliminaries cost that might seems necessary to complete the work. The Tenderer is cautioned to familiarize himself with the full content of all the Tender Documents including the Drawings, Specifications, General Conditions of Contract, Conditions of Particular Application, General Requirements — Division 01, General Requirements — Package Scope (and/or any other information that can be reasonably inferred from any of them) and all obligations contained in the documents shall be included in the Tender price. The successful Tenderer shall submit to the Employer, analyses of all unit rates figures included in the Details of Pricing and Schedule of Rates which reflect the breakdown of labor, materials, plants, supervision, engineering, on and offsite overheads and profits included in the prices and rates within fifteen (15) days after receipt of the Letter of Acceptance. Such breakdowns shall be subject to the approval of the Employer and the Engineer. The Tenderer shall note that the quantities, if shown, in the Details of Pricing do not necessarily reflect the actual quantities of the work to be executed against each item. Quantities shall be based on the Drawings and Specifications and other Section of the Tender Documents. The Employer shall have the right to use any rate included either in Details of Pricing or Schedule of Rates or Day work rates, whichever seems reasonable to price variations for the work. In addition, the Employer has the power to fix rates for items that, in the opinion of the Employer, have rates in any or all of the Pricing documents, namely, Details of Pricing, Schedule of Rates and Day work rates that do not correspond with prevalent market values of such items. At the discretion of the Employer, the prices included in the Details of Pricing may be used to calculate the unit rates by dividing from the quantity of work related to that particular price. The quantity shall not be the approximate quantity inserted by the Tenderer. It is the quantity of work to be carried out as per Drawings, Specifications, General Conditions of Contract, Conditions of Particular Application, General Requirements — Division 1, General Requirements — Package Scope, these pricing preambles, all codes and standards listed in the Specification and any other Contract document. c r.'...---—"“'":) The Contractor shall perform any work under the rates and quantities provided in the Daywork Schedule only upon authorization of the Employer. All unexpended amounts of work under the Daywork Schedule shall be deducted from the Contract Price as a variation. i 3 4 . D= b5 3 3 x = .‘ "y oyt FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 46 of 75 -~ - 4 Jwsddi

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract h@'"}' o u'lrgf.r Section 4: Pricing Preambles ‘ L The Employer has the sole right to delete the works in the Daywork Schedule, either partially or in full, at any time during the Contract period. 210 Provisional Sums will be dealt with in the manner set forth in the General Conditions of Contract. The Tenderer shall not amend any sums provided for Provisional sums. Tender adjustments, if any, shall not apply to Provisional Sums. The Provisional sum including markup (attendance, profits and overhead) as specified shall be carried over to the final Tender sum. 2.10.1 The percentage for the “Attendance, Overheads & Profits” inserted by the Contractor against any varried work other than those works in the Details of Pricing (BOQ), shall include for all the costs and expenses of attendance to be provided by the Contractor to the specialist subcontractors, or suppliers and/or over and above the built up of direct Cost for the varried works. Such attendance/Overhead & Profit shall not exceed 22.5% of the direct cost and shall include, but not limited to, the following: = Use of Contractor’s administrative arrangements = Use of Contractor’s equipment = Use of Contractor’s mess room, sanitary, safety, health and welfare facilities Sl ® Use of scaffoldings ke = Use of temporary works including water, electricity and lighting :q : » Giving and marking dimensions and taking responsibility for their accuracy : = : ® Providing space for subcontractor’s office and stores iy o _. S ok = Providing office space up to two standard office rooms within Contractor’s site office = Providing working space g = Off-loading subcontractor’'s materials and placing in stores iy J = Clearing away rubbish = Protection of subcontractor’s works in all sections = Testing and Commissioning » QOther necessary and usual facilities, documentation, general inter-trade attendance, labor and assistance, and all the coordination including liaison with the Employer and the Engineer. s All levies and taxes, insurances, social insurance, Customs required in Arab Republic of l et ot| Egypt including the value added taxes (VAT) P | 2.10.2 The subcontractor who carries out the works relating to the Provisional Sum shall provide g:‘“""" the following attendance: . = All special scaffolding required by them in the execution of the works = Taking from stores, distributing, hoisting and placing in position, all items of plant, fifl_ equipment and materials required by them in the execution of the works = All labor, plant etc., (other than attendance to be provided by the Contractor) = Sjte offices and stores required by them for the execution of the works Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 47 of 75

= == | T = = r W Volume 1: Conditions of Contract S iraiom Section 4: Pricing Preambles .u et sl e B 2.11 e Byl 2.12 3.0 3.1 3.2 Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 = All levies and taxes, insurances, social insurance, Customs required in Arab Republic of Egypt including the value added taxes (VAT) The Contractor shall satisfy himself as to the meaning of every item in the Details of Pricing and the rates and prices inserted by the Contractor are deemed to cover all his obligations under the Contract and all matters and things necessary for the proper construction, completion and maintenance of the works including, but not by way of limitation, all temporary work required (including any that which may be required by any Subcontractor, whether nominated or otherwise). The prices shall include for all any materials and labor and for the provision and use of all plant, whether mechanical of non-mechanical, required for the expeditious carrying out of the works in their proper sequence: for the costs of preparing a Tender; for the work in connection with the measurements and the final account; for profit; and for all other establishment charges and costs of whatever nature. No claim for additional payment will be allowed for any error or misunderstanding by the Contractor in these respects. The successful Tenderer / Contractor may be required to provide the Employer with a full detailed Tender price, quantities and rates breakdown within 48 hours of request. This Tender breakdown is to show the actual calculations of the preliminaries, the labor, plant and material costs for the Works, the build-up of measured rates with on costs and overheads and any other allowances used to arrive at the Tender sum. RATES The rates shall include all costs associated with the execution, completion and maintenance of the Works, finished complete in every respect and shown and described in the tender documents. Rates shall be deemed to be fully inclusive of the following: a. Labor and all costs in connection with the work. b. Material and goods and all costs in connection with the work including freight, delivery, unloading, storing, handling, hoisting, lowering, taxes, duties, insurances, levies and charges. ¢. Fitting and fixing materials and goods in position. d. Provision and use of plant. e. Wastage of materials. f. Cutting and making good. g. Establishment charges, overheads and profit. h. Preliminaries é____’_,_,_’) i. Disposal of surplus materials to Public Dumping Area. jAll Taxes and Social Insurances. k. The Rates shall include provisions for reinforcement cutting, rolling, hending margins, specers in addition to distance blocks, tying wires and the like. \g E . ) o= q ¥ J" s | R | . o~ ’JJ‘“""V - l Sty [} 4—-'-""?1 i il = = & P FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 48 of 75

‘1 H RaR Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 4: Pricing Preambles 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 4.0 4.1 4.2 5.0 5.1 5.2 Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 I | | | ! | N SODIC The rates shall be the full inclusive value of the work described under the several items including all costs and expenses which may be required in and for the construction of the work described. The costs and expenses of all the general risks, liabilities and obligations, set forth or implied in Volume 1 shall be deemed to be included in the rates for the work. The Contractor shall be deemed to have fully considered all the conditions, obligations and requirements of the Tender documents before entering the respective rates against the items included in the Details of Pricing and Lump Sum Price breakdown. The Details of Pricing shall be read in conjunction with the Drawings, Specifications, General Conditions of Contract, Conditions of Particular Application, General Requirements — Division 01, General Requirements — Package Scope and any other document forming part of the Tender Documents; these documents being jointly explanatory and descriptive of the works included in the Contract. Against each item in the Details of Pricing, the Contractor shall enter a price or rate, whether quantities are stated or not. Items against which no price or rate are entered shall be considered as covered by other prices or rates in the Details of Pricing and therefore, within the Tenderer’s Price. No variation will be allowed for any error in the computation of the Tender, discovered after acceptance of the Tender. UNITS OF MEASUREMENT The Units of Measurement and the definition used herein are: a. Volume Cubic Metre m3 orm3 b. Area Square Metre m?or m2 c. Length Linear Metre m d. Number Number No. e. Weight Kilogrammes or Tonnes kgorT f. Lump Sum Lump Sum LS or ltem g. Group Group Group h. Set Set Set i. Provisional Sum PS In item description, dimension involving metres are given in metres {Abbreviated m) parts of a metre are given in centimeters (Abbreviated cm) or millimeters (Abbreviated mm). In certain descriptions, dimensions may be given in North American units viz. inches, feet, pound, etc. (Abbreviated in, ft, Ib, etc. respectively) DESCRIPTIONS = : D General directions and descriptions of work and materials given in the Specification are not necessarily repeated in the Details of Pricing. Reference shall be made to the Specifications for this information. Trade preambles are not necessarily repeated in subsequent Bills, but shall be held to apply throughout the Document. Where items in the Details of Pricing contain the phrase ‘as specified’, the Contractor shall refer to the Specifications, the Drawings, General Conditions of Contract, Conditions of Particular Application, General Requirements — Division 01 and General Requirements — Package Scope for the full description and the Contractor shall include in his rates for 4 uu_ 3 i 3 Adaly iyl FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 49 of 75 n [ . e - ~

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 4: Pricing Preambles complying with this clause whether the phrase ‘as specified’ appears in the text or not. Where the word ‘allow’ occurs, the cost of the item shall be at the risk of the Contractor. 6.0 METHOD OF MEASUREMENT The method of measurement adopted in the Details of Pricing shall prevail throughout the Contract, notwithstanding any trade, local or general custom and shall be used in adjustment of all measured variations or further measurement or remeasurement. All works shall be measured net as fixed on and finished on site, in accordance with the Drawings and no allowance shall be made for waste. Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 50 of 75

iE3ay olume 1: Conditions of Contrac \S/ection 51: ,:ppentdix to Contrzct t ”m SECTION 5 APPENDIX TO CONTRACT Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 51 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 5: Appendix to Contract I | Ul | li ] APPENDIX TO CONTRACT Definitions 1.1 (a) (i) Language and Law 5.1 (a) 5.1(b) Amount of 10.1 Performance Security Programme to Be 14.1 Submitted Cash Flow Estimate 14.3 Minimum Amount 23.2 of Third-Party Insurance Commencement 41.1 Date Time for 43.1 Completion Amount of 47.1 Liquidated Damages Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 The Employer is: Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (SODIC) Km 38 Cairo / Alexandria Desert Road, Sheikh Zayed City, Giza, Egypt PO Box: 119 Sheikh Zayed The Employer’s Representative is: Mr. Yasser El Said, of SODIC The language is English. The law in force is that of the Arab Republic of Egypt. The performance security will be in the form of an unconditional bank guarantee in the amount of 5% of the Contract Price and shall remain valid till the end of the Defects liability Period. e 14 days. _,,:3)—_2:;_::‘__;'_-‘__’_"_ B — S 1,000,000 EGP per occurrence, with the number of occurrences unlimited. Date of receipt of the NTP. 18 calendar months from Commencement Date, while the Milestones are as shown in Annex A2. 2.5% of the Contract Price per week or part of week of delay from the Time for Completion of the whole Project. & e EGP 10,000 /day for each Milestone or Section delayed beyond the fln{,.,.__. j dates specified in the Contract Agreement to be deducted from any ,fi e amounts due to the Contractor. These damages will NOT be LS— refunded at the end of the Project should the Contractor succeed to s“é achieve the overall Time for Completion for the Works. - § - Any monies deducted due to the Contractor's failure to meet a specified Milestone or Section will be deemed to have been paid as FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 52 of 75

ol Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 5: Appendix to Contract part of the liquidated damages applicable to the overall Time for Completion. Limit of Liquidated 47.1 10% (ten percent) of the Contract Price. Damages Defects Liability 49.1 365 days period Payments to 59.4(c) 10% Nominated Subcontractors Monthly 60.1(c) Materials delivered to Site and approved by the Engineer as well as Statements their respective credit, such amounts shall be subject to repayment of Advance Payment, deduction of Retention, and inclusive of all accessories, fixtures, fittings, and the likes; - Steel reinforcement: 70% from Steel Base Rate under Sub-Clause 70.1. - Masonry: 40% from BOQ rate. - Cables: 50% from BOQ rate. - KWHM enclosure: 60% from BOQ rate Minimum Net 60.2 L.E. 2,000,000, except for the first two interim payments. Amount of Interim Payment Percentage of 60.2 5% of the payment certificate Retention Limit of Retention 60.2 5% of the Contract Price Money Rate of interest 60.10 Not Applicable upon unpaid sums Advance Payment 60.12 15% of the Contract Price — against Bank Letter of Guarantee M s = 1 Settlement of 67.1 The appointing authority shall be The Cairo Regional Centre for £ o7 Disputes International Commercial Arbitration (CRCICA), 1 Al-Saleh Ayoub - Street, Zamalek 11211, Cairo, Egypt. L’"E"’ Notice to Employer 68.2 The Employer’s address is: L;,,..,_Q Ban and Engineer Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (soDic) Km 38 Cairo / Alexandria Desert Road, Shelkh Zayed City, Giza, Egypt, PO Box: 119 Sheikh Zayed Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook ~ Rev.02 Page 53 of 75

FR 3 1R Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 6 - Annex Al: Scope of Works SECTION 6 — ANNEX Al ScoPE OF WORKS Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 r ey L W a1 2 O o : Ju el - - = -7 FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 54 of 75

—1“.! \n;l o i [ < Jl’ . Volume 1: Conditions of Contract ”Ff Section 6 - Annex Al: Scope of Works ‘ SCOPE OF WORKS WHEREAS the Employer is desirous that the Construction Works for Parcel Karmell 3 Project, on Core & Shell basis consisting of 43 buildings of standalone villas; should be executed by the Contractor, viz: the engineering, procurement, supply, delivery, installation, execution, testing and commissioning, completion, handing over, in addition to the remedy of any defects therein of the above-named Works as described in the Contract Documents. Contractor’s Scope of Work shall include, but not limited to, the following: e Earthworks » Concrete works e Masonry works e Plaster works e Thermal and Moisture Protection Works * Metalwork’s » Mechanical, Electrical, and light current works e External finishes e Private gardens fences e Handrails and Glazing e Subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of article no. 11 of the Contract Agreement, the Contractor shall be responsible for coordination work, engineering work, delivery, completion, handing over, and remedy of any defects the solar system. The Employer is working with BIM level 1 in the current stage and may instruct the Contractor at any time before the Time for Completion to upgrade its BIM submission to level 2. BIM scope of work for contractor: - Contractor will receive the Revit models from the Employer. - Contractor should work with the models to upgrade it from LOD 200 to LOD 350 then as-built (LOD 500) (check the LOD specifications Version: 2019). - All shop/coordination drawings and quantity survey sheets must be generated and extracted from coordinated models. - Contractor should send a BIM manual and previous works with the technical offer. - The BxP must include: 1. SECTION A: BIM PROJECT EXECUTION PLAN OVERVIEW r J.f B e a0uramsn, M2 2. SECTION B: PROJECT INFORMATION — 'S E iR . IR > [ ] bl § 8§ 3. SECTION C: KEY PROJECT CONTACTS ki Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 55 of 75

" kRN Volume 1: Conditions of Contract LEFQJT ' ‘N Section 6 - Annex Al: Scope of Works ™ 4 "LJEJ‘L:I 4. SECTION D: PROJECT GOALS / BIM USES SECTION E: ORGANIZATIONAL ROLES / STAFFING SECTION F: BIM PROCESS DESIGN SECTION I: COLLABORATION PROCEDURES 5 6 7. SECTION G: BIM INFORMATION EXCHANGES 8 9. SECTION J: QUALITY CONTROL 230 I 3 538) (e e ¥ u : 10. SECTION K: TECHNOLOGICAL INFRASTRUCTURE NEEDS sl s Apaill 88l ¢ '“’" 2 11. SECTION M: PROJECT DELIVERABLES o e o ’J‘)‘—-Hl‘ - Notes: - = Any missing data or non-understanding points will be covered in BEP. = After project awarding, the Employer, main consultant and main contractor should attend a kick of meeting to discuss the BEP e Contractor duty for consultant: - The contractor is responsible for consultant transportation inside the site. - The contractor shall bear the cost of the consultant and safety supervisors overtime as a result of not completing the work on the official working hours, which shall be back charged to the Contractor upon materialization. e the Contractor shall execute a project banner based on the Employer’s requirements, and subject to the Employer’s consent and approval. Additionally, any branding or marketing materials in relation of this Contract shall be preapproved in writing by the Employer. e Contractor duty for Laboratory: - The contractor is responsible for technicians and unskilled laborers and their equipment including but not limited to, cubes, sand cone transportation inside the site. - The contractor shall provide technicians with required equipment including but not limited to, Wheelbarrow, Shovel during pouring concrete, or any other tests. - The costs of such tests are to be borne by the Contractor. e Earthwork and Debris: F e - The sand stockpile will be within project boundaries up to 3 kilometers. L’,’-':—-D : - If the contractor is instructed by the employer to remove his debris, this shall be done within i : 4» one day, if not, employer will remove debris with any rate and will be back charged to the E ‘: contractor by the employer from contractor’s payments. 'F""‘"".;? - The contractor required to provide necessary documents for legal debris disposal at local t‘ = authorities approved locations, These documents constitute the necessary backup for the jujfl contractor’s invoices. P:':‘;"_ Risiima: Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 56 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract ‘ El',gf_"f;-i"'fi % Section 6 - Annex Al: Scope of Works s e Il ] e Infrastructure and Landscape drawings are provided for information and coordination purposes and not included in the Contractor’s scope of work. e Should the Contractor elect to provide labor camps for the purpose of the Works, the Contractor shall be solely liable and responsible for the safety, security, cleanness, and adequacy of such camps, at no cost or responsibility upon the Employer. Further, the Contractor shall ensure obtainment of the Employer’s prior written consent for the labor camp location via a drawing submitted for that purpose and coordination only. * The contractor must employ an assistant surveyor, housekeeper, and office boy. e Abatch plant shall be available on-Site and it is considered as a privilege to the contractor, at no liability or responsibility upon the Employer. The contractor, if elects to use the said on-Site batch plant, is required to submit his weekly concrete pouring schedule to the batch plant supervisor. Additionally, The Employer may supply specific amounts of concrete through the onSite batch plant and the cost of these quantities shall be back charged on the contractor. Further: e The Contractor agrees to do all work in accordance with the project drawings, specificationsa;'F documents, Egyptian Codes and performance standards and in accordance with good buildin practice. e Contractor is to furnish the manpower, materials and equipment necessary, as required by the project schedule, including interim milestone dates, and to furnish additional crews, equipment, etc. and/or overtime as required by the Employer in order to maintain the schedule. e Contractor shall clean up his work in such a manner as to maintain safe working conditions on the project, including but not limited to excess material, lunch trash, and dirt and debris on streets and sidewalks. All trash generated from this Contractor’s work or its’ forces shall be removed by the Contractor's own forces and Contractor’s equipment. e Contractor will comply with the project safety manual fulfilling all requirements and procedures. e Contractor shall furnish all submittals, shop drawings, and samples within the duration shown in Annex 2 — Schedule and Milestone Requirements. e Contractor’s scope shall respect the life safety regulations according to the Egyptian fire code. E & = The Contractor shall perform complete site surveys and geotechnical studies at the foundation Eifi__ "‘ ' level for each of the buildings prior to commencement of the structural fill works. e The Contractor shall report any deviation from the employer’s geotechnical Engineer’s i recommendations before starting with the Earth works. E PN Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 57 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract W Section 6 - Annex Al: Scope of Works ‘ : Y i i e The Contractor shall represent the Employer in all dealings with the governmental bodies and authorities such as but not limited to the Water Distribution Company, the Electricity Distribution Company, the Health Authority, the Civil Defense, and the Chamber of Tourism Establishment. Whereas the Contractor shall be responsible to provide all documents and finalize all issues with the relevant authorities to ensure the Completion of Works within the Time For Completion; while the Costs incurred thereof shall be paid by the Employer subject to provision of the relevant substantiations by the Contractor. e The Contractor is responsible for the protection of all existing local authorities’ underground utilities such as, but not limited to, SUMED pipes and Gas Pipes, including any shoring, protection pads, or any other protection means as required by local authorities. e The Contractor is responsible for the coordination with all local authorities’ including gas company, water distribution company, electricity distribution company, telecom Egypt company, roads authorities and other local authorities, whereas any fees required thereof will be paid by the employer without any administration fees or Markups. ) S onn s MY . B8 > ol A8 e Jay Bl 2 A e ' il - ,—J).Hn\_ il 4 :__ U Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 58 of 75

S8 ESE Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 6 — Annex A2: Schedule and Milestone Requirements SECTION 6 — ANNEX A2 SCHEDULE AND MILESTONE REQUIREMENTS Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 mme*‘“‘h T ét_.L;'.. FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 59 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 6 — Annex A2: Schedule and Milestone Requirements SCHEDULE AND MILESTONES REQUIREMENTS SN Milestone/Section Description Completion of Milestone/Section Works {From the Commencement Date) * (Buildings 1-23) (23 Units) (Buildings 24-42) (19 Units) (Buildings 43-63) (21 Units) 1 [Completion of Site mobilization 1 calendar month 2 |Geotechnical studies and soil replacement 2 calendar months 3 calendar months 3 calendar months Completion of all engineering shop drawings works and material submittals (submission and approval) 4 calendar months 4 [Completion of skeleton & masonry works (including fences) ** 11 calendar months 12 calendar months 13 calendar months 5 |Readiness to start infrastructure works *** 10 calendar months 11 calendar months 12 calendar montns 6 |Readiness for installation of aluminum & wood **** 14 calendar months 15 calendar months 16 calendar months Completion of all clusters finishing works & handing over to the employer (including fences’ finishing) 16 calendar months 17 calendar months 18 calendar months Time for Completion (inclusive of completion of all Works, testing, commissioning, snag list and handing over to the Employer) 18 calendar months from the Commencement Date Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500 -004-CC-P11 7 5 FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 60 of 75 [ TECTRA

[l Volume 1: Conditions of Contract (5 0T, [y [ ) Section 6 — Annex A2: Schedule and Milestone Requirements dptory b 511 Gy * Unless mutually agreed otherwise in writing, the Contractor shall allow, within his Programme, for a review period of 21 Days, in respect of the review of all of the Contractor’s submittals, such as, but not limited to, shop drawings, material submittals, method statements, etc. ** Completion of skeleton & masonry works milestones and finishing milestones includes the provision for the units fences respectively. *** Raadiness to start infrastructure works includes the completion of fences skeleton **%* Raadiness for installation of aluminium & wood means that the following trades are completed - Allfacades plaster works including plaster for doors and windows jambs and lintels and windows sills - Internal Plaster Works - Painting 1°* coat works - All claddings around openings installation (if any) - MEP 1% fix works and all MEP service chambers Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 61 of 75

18 &an Volume 1: Conditions of Contract . m Section 6 — Annex A4: Certificate of Insurance . SECTION 6 — ANNEX A4 CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE sal !'.'.-’f’\ 2o Ttam L A pe L’/’Q TRy Tl g e o A2 ‘ ' " ; -\ - - et ..,J)-Jv., 2 Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 62 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 6 — Annex A4: Certificate of Insurance CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE A . I I = This is to certify that the company named herein has issued to the insured named herein, policies of insurance which provide, subject to the conditions of the agreement made by and between below £ % D e .......................... as of .cceeeveenene ........... , the coverage as described Name and address for who this certificate is issued : {SODIC’s name and address) Name and address of the insured : ( Contractor , Consultant and Employer) Name and address of the insurer : (The Insurance company) The below listed policies shall cover all locations, operations and works of the named insured in connection with the above mentioned agreement. The Policies in force are : Coverage Effective | Expiration date Date Limits of liability 1-Workmen'’s and Employer’s Compensation Per law of Employee’s country of origin 2Comprehensive General Third Party Liability a. Bodily Injury b. Death Incident c. Property Damage d. Passenger Liability a. Unlimited b. Unlimited c. EGP1,000,000 each occurrence d. Perinsured’s country of origin law 3-Contractor’s Equipment TR e () A8 \ W : q.d -l ] 4-Contractor’s “All Risk” Course of Construction Insurance Replacement value including costs of transportation (with air freight where necessary) at time of reconstruction of the loss, covering the Project and all materials and equipment to be incorporated at the Project including cost of debris removal. 5Decennial Liability Sufficient amount to wrap up the Egyptian Decennial Liability according to the Egyptian law in particular law 10611976 and its amendments. Insurance for Design 6Professional Indemnity Sufficient amount to wrap up the following Risks: Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 t %; ¥ fi A o 8 T e A NIRRT FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook —Rev.02 Page 63 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract (T gV gV P e Section 6 — Annex A4: Certificate of Insurance ‘ = : el S ) o Negligence or breach of duty of care ¢ Intellectual property: unintentionally infringing on others’ copyrights, trademarks, broadcasting rights, any act of passing off e Loss of documents/data: damaged, lost or stolen data and documents belonging to your Employers The insurer certifies and agrees that in respect of all the above policies that: A) Employer will be furnished with written notice prior to the effective date of any material change or cancelation of the policies. B) The Insurer hereby waives subrogation as to any right of recovery which the insured may have against any Insured parties cited above. C) The term “Insured” is used severally and not collectively and the insurance afforded by this policy applies separately to each insured against whom claim is made or suit is brought. Insurance Company’s representative Date Signature and company’s stamp S e RGBT A0 BRSNS Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 64 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 7 — Annex B1: Advance Payment Guarantee Form SECTION 7 — ANNEX B1 ADVANCE PAYMENT GUARANTEE FORM Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 65 of 75

| | | i | il | Volume 1: Conditions of Contract ~o b @ Section 7 — Annex B1: Advance Payment Guarantee Form eS eNG ADVANCE PAYMENT GUARANTEE FORM Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (SODIC) [PROJECT NAME] Contract No. ..eevcniiicniiceiniienns (D} | (-l —— ] Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (SODIC) Km 38 Cairo — Alexandria Desert Road, Sheikh Zayed, Egypt =% = P.O. Box 119 Sheikh Zayed, Egypt - -z )y = yed, Egyp i W@mfi‘&ufi“ Dear Sirs, — il o sy'v .:dh '{‘3" B )|- K Advance Payment Security No. [....cccocnmruensa. ] (the “Security”) -3 We have been informed that [........c..c...... ] (the “Contractor”) has entered into an agreement with you dated [..ccrcreirenn ] {the “Contract”) for the execution of [Project Name] Project, and the Contractor wishes to receive an advance payment of EGP [......ccwenn ] (Egyptian Pounds [ornesenaerinnennnnes 1) equivalent to [.......ccuernnnas ] percent of the contract price of the Works (the “Advance Payment”) for the costs of mobilization of resources, appointment of Sub-Contractor and acquisition of materials in respect of the works, for which you require the Contractor to obtain a Security. At the request of the Contractor, we [......cew. ] hereby irrevocably and unconditionally undertake, agree and guarantee to pay you any sum or sums not exceeding in total the amount of EGP [ccoveererceneen ] (Egyptian Pounds [.......ccceeocuruees ]) in cash upon receipt of your written statement that in your sole opinion the Contractor has failed to repay the Advance Payment in accordance with the conditions of the Contract at the time and in the manner foreseen therein. Any payment by us hereunder shall be immediately available and freely transferable Egyptian Pounds free and clear of and without any deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, set off, counterclaims, deductions or withholdings of any nature. The value of this Security will diminish by the amount of the Advance Payment repaid by the Contractor as certified by you in writing to our attention, together with copies of certified interim statements or payment certificates that shall be presented to us by the Contractor. Following = . ‘ presentation of such, we shall promptly notify you of the revised guaranteed amount accordingly. " | O Claims under this Security should be presented to us in writing within the validity period of this ffi Security. The amount of this Security will diminish by payments, if any, effected by us. This Security = o shall remain valid until [.........ceeu...... ] and shall be automatically extended until the date of our receipt @ o of a copy of the certified interim statement or payment certificate indicating that one hundred (100) g ol percent of the Advance Payment has been received for payment. After this date, this Security expires automatically and becomes null and void whether returned to us or not. Such release shall i be without prejudice to any liability under this Security, which arose prior to such date. E—:n This Security shall become effective upon receipt of the Advance Payment by the Contractor. Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 66 of 75

I | i | i | [l i Volume 1: Conditions of Contract m Section 7 — Annex B1: Advance Payment Guarantee Form ‘ This Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws in force in the Arab Republic of Egypt. Signature with Bank Seal: Name: : Designation: E‘ID Tmcm R . Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 67 of 75

18 K3 Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 7 — Annex B2: Performance Security Form SECTION 7 — ANNEX B2 PERFORMANCE SECURITY FORM Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 68 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Q:}:\LFL, fil g™ Section 7 — Annex B2: Performance Security Form ‘ n Q¥ [Exe? I G PERFORMANCE SECURITY Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (SODIC) [Project Name] Contract NO. ..cccinnnnnieniinecsresnissennes Date: [.cveerrereerennnns] Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company {SODIC) Km 38 Cairo — Alexandria Desert Road, Sheikh Zayed, Egypt P.O. Box 119 Sheikh Zayed, Egypt \ :-_‘ > g Apatill 38 Oeilaall 488 Dear Sirs, — ) o § I Performance Security NO. [....ccovrinnns ] (the “Securit S = WHEREAS our Employers, [......c.ovennne ] (the “Contractor”), have entered into an agreement with you dated [ccoevcnninnne ] (the “Contract”) for the execution of the [Project Name] Project Phase -- as further described in the Contract. In consideration of the above, we [.......ccccvuuu.. ] hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee to pay immediately upon your first written demand, on one or more occasions and notwithstanding any objection made by the Contractor, any amount up to and not exceeding in aggregate five (5) percent of the value of the Works in the amount of (when aggregated with such amounts previously so paid) EGP [oocccerecererennnns ] (Egyptian Pounds [......ccovveneraee 1) upon receipt of your written statement that in your sole opinion the Contractor failed to fulfil his obligations under the Contract at the time and in the manner foreseen therein. Claims under this Security should be presented to us in writing within the validity period of this Security. The amount of this Security will diminish by payments, if any, effected by us. This Security shall remain valid from the date of its issuance until [......cc..coeuen. ] and shall be automatically extended until the date 90 days after the issue of the Defects Liability Certificate under the Contract. After this date, this Security expires automatically and becomes null and void whether returned to us or not. Such release shall be without prejudice to any liability under this Security, which arose prior to such date. Any payment by us hereunder shall be in immediately available and freely transferable Egyptian Pounds free and clear of and without any deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, [ levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, set off, counterclaims, deductions or withholdings of any & y nature. P ¥: Our obligations hereunder constitute direct, primary, irrevocable and unconditional obligations, shall 5— not require any previous notice to our claim against the Contractor and shall not be discharged or E 1 otherwise prejudiced or adversely affected by: . ‘ (i) any time, indulgence, waiver, concession or forbearance which you may grant to the ] Contractor or any negligence by you in enforcing any right of action or remedy you may have against the Contractor under the Contract; {ii) any amendment, modification or extension which may be made to the Contract or the Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 69 of 75

- Ny d 0 b i i = = 3 Volume 1: Conditions of Contract g@; :-i"hl te] Section 7 — Annex B2: Performance Security Form ‘ = HL;F.NLJ works performed there under or any suspension of such works; iii) any change in the constitution or organisation of the Contractor; {iv) any termination of the Contract or of the employment of the Contractor; (v) any other bond, security or guarantee held or obtained by you for any of the obligations of the Contractor under the Contract or any release or waiver thereof; (vi) any act or omission of the Contractor pursuant to any other arrangement with ourselves; or (vii) any other matter or thing which in the absence of this provision would or might have that effect except a discharge or amendment hereof expressly made or agreed to by you in writing. This Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws in force in the Arab Republic of Egypt. Signature with Bank Seal: Name: Designation: Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 70 of 75

iR EsR Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 7 — Annex B3: Retention Security Form SECTION 7 — ANNEX B3 RETENTION SECURITY FORM Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 71 of 75

[ | i A | Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 7 — Annex B3: Retention Security Form RETENTION SECURITY Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (SODIC) Date: [..oviemiarenneas ] Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (SODIC) Km 38 Cairo — Alexandria Desert Road, Sheikh Zayed, Egypt P.O. Box 119 Sheikh Zayed, Egypt Dear Sirs, F - i \ f o Al i Gyt e 8% Retention Security NO. [.......coveennenen] (the “Security”) Z Aty IR o WHEREAS our Client, [....cccoccererunee- ] (the “Contractor”), have entered into an agreement with you dated [....ccoerevcnenen. ] (the “Contract”) for the execution of [Project Name] Project as further described in the Contract. In consideration of the above, we [......ccccoenn... ] hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantee to pay immediately upon your first written demand, on one or more occasions and notwithstanding any objection made by the Contractor, any amount up to and not exceeding in aggregate the value Of EGP [..cveueeneen. I ORI ) upon receipt of your written statement that in your sole opinion the Contractor failed to fulfil his obligations under the Contract at the time and in the manner foreseen therein. Claims under this Security should be presented to us in writing within the validity period of this Security. The amount of this Security will diminish by payments, if any, effected by us. This Security shall remain valid from the date of its issuance and shall be automatically extended until the date 90 days after the issue of the Defects Liability Certificate under the Contract. After this date, this Security expires automatically and becomes null and void whether returned to us or not. Such release shall be without prejudice to any liability under this Security, which arose prior to such date. Any payment by us hereunder shall be in immediately available and freely transferable Egyptian ? — Pounds free and clear of and without any deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes, - levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees, set off, counterclaims, deductions or withholdings of any E#-..F-r‘*' nature. ¥ B Our obligations hereunder constitute direct, primary, irrevocable and unconditional obligations, shall not require any previous notice to our claim against the Contractor and shall not be discharged or otherwise prejudiced or adversely affected by: ) — = N —_——— Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 72 of 75

(888 Volume 1: Conditions of Contract EY @R aiet Section 7 — Annex B3: Retention Security Form ‘ el B G (i) any time, indulgence, waiver, concession or forbearance which you may grant to the Contractor or any negligence by you in enforcing any right of action or remedy you may have against the Contractor under the Contract; (ii) any amendment, modification or extension which may be made to the Contract or the works performed there under or any suspension of such works; (iii) any change in the constitution or organisation of the Contractor; (iv) any termination of the Contract or of the employment of the Contractor; (v) any other bond, security or guarantee held or obtained by you for any of the obligations of the Contractor under the Contract or any release or waiver thereof; (vi) any act or omission of the Contractor pursuant to any other arrangement with ourselves; or (vii) any other matter or thing which in the absence of this provision would or might have that effect except a discharge or amendment hereof expressly made or agreed to by you in writing. This Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws in force in the Arab Republic of Egypt. Signature with Bank Seal: Name: Designation Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 Page 73 of 75

Volume 1: Conditions of Contract Section 7 — Annex B4: Discharge and Release of Lien Form SECTION 7 — ANNEX B4 DISCHARGE AND RELEASE OF LIEN FORM Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 ?mwa&am X FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 74 of 75

ARBl Volume 1: Conditions of Contract q m Section 7 — Annex B4: Discharge and Release of Lien Form ‘ e B = FORM OF DISCHARGE AND RELEASE OF LIEN We, the undersigned authorized by .........ccceccseesivinsnnenne.. declare that we have received from Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (SODIC) an amount equivalent to Accordingly, the received monies in addition to . .............. (Which shall be paid to the Contractor, upon the explratlon of the Defects L|ab|I|ty Perlod) represent full and final settlement of all monies due to the Contractor arising out of or in respect of the Contract No XXX. To this extent, we certify that we have made full payment of all costs, charges and expenses incurred by us or in our behalf for work, labor, services, materials, subcontractors, suppliers and equipment supplied and / or used in connection with the project. Now therefore, we hereby declare that all our claims whether submitted or not are concluded regarding this Project. Hence, we hereby unconditionally release, and forever discharge Sixth of October for Development & Investment Company (SODIC), their affiliated entities from all obligations, liabilities, claims and liens of every nature arising out of or in connection with the Contract and its amendments. This statement is final and binding upon us. Therefore, the total Contract Value at completion equals to ........... 244 o ot P e i\ M‘“ D PN — at )I Project Title: Karmell 3 Core & Shell PKG Contract No: 500-004-CC-P11 FIDIC Fourth Edition 1987 — Redbook — Rev.02 Page 75 of 75

& E33 Project Code: prj_8524 Project Title: 464-Acres VYE 05 ,VYE 07, KARMELL 03 Karmell 03 - Final BOQ Displayed in Event Currency (EGP) TECTRA 1 Commercial Envelope Current Score Total TCO 100 (100) 14,687,658.30 107,989,475.90 1.6 V01 1,767,409.00 31,813,362.00 Note Note Details 1.6.1 Note DIV 02 - EARTHWORK 1.6.2 Note Soil Tests Code Description Unit of Measure ment Quantity / Base Price Unit Price / Discount % Total TCO 1.6.3 (*) Complete geotechnical investigation as per Egyptian code requirements and consultant recommendation rate includes full report and recommendations for one boreholes with 15m depth NUMBER 1.00 2,961.00 2,961.00 53,298.00 1.6.4 (*) Complete geotechnical investigation as per Egyptian code requirements and consultant recommendation rate includes full report and recommendations for one boreholes with 10m depth NUMBER 1.00 1,969.00 1,969.00 35,442.00 Note Note Details 1.6.5 Note 02300 - EARTHWORK Code Description Unit of Measure ment Quantity / Base Price Unlt Price / Discount % Total TCO 1.6.6 (*) Excavation in sand soil down to required foundation level including supporting sides of excavation with safe and proper method, shoring, dewatering and compaction of excavated bottom, the price shall include disposal of excavated materials off site to approved area.{ based on Engineer instruction ) METRIC CUBE 370.00 44.00 16,280.00 293,040.00 1.6.7 (*) Excavation in clay soil down to required foundation level including supporting sides of excavation with safe and proper method, shoring, dewatering and compaction of excavated bottom, the price shall include disposal of excavated materials off site to approved area.( based on Engineer instruction ) METRIC CUBE 50.00 59.00 2,950.00 - —— e il | | s ] 53,100.00 1.6.8 {*) Backfill using suitable imported approved materials as recommended in soil report; lay on 25¢m thick. for each layer Including compaction up to 95% of dry density all as per specifications. METRIC CUBE 230.00 171.00 707,940.00

LSRN =_= == = == = = 1.69(|D (*) Backfill using selected excavated METRIC 120.00 69.00 8,280.00 149,040.00 materials as recommended in soil CUBE report; lay on 25¢m thick. for each layer Including compaction up to 95% of dry density all as per specifications. 1.6.10E (*) Soil Replacement/Engineering fill 1m | METRIC 280.00 171.00 47,880.00 861,840.00 thick. (if required by geotechnical CUBE report's recommendations) using suitable imported approved well graded, clean sand below foundation level, lay on 25cm thick. for each layer Including compaction up to 95% of dry density all as per specifications. Note |Note Details 1.6.11| Note DIV 03 - CONCRETE 1.6.14 Note |03300 - CAST-IN-PLACE CONCRETE 1.6.13 Note |For all concrete work, rate includes form work, steel reinforcement, chairs, spacer, mechanical vibration, concrete joints and curing all concrete works are ready mixed concrete by required strength 1.6.14 Note |Plain Concrete (Substructure) 1.6.14 Note |Supply, place, finish, cure and test of plain castin-place concrete with specified cement Grade 200, as per drawings and in accordance with specifications. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.14 A (*) Below footings . METRIC 20.00 1,425.00 28,500.00 513,000.00 CUBE 1.6.17 B {(*) 100mm thick under ground beams | METRE 30.00 148.00 4,440.00 79,920.00 SQUARE Note |Note Detalls 1.6.18 Note |Reinforced Concrete (Substructure) 1.6.19 Note |Reinforced cast-in-place concrete with = type | cement, Grade 250 including ',j}\ 5); formwork, steel reinforcement, ”-'__,_,——" AL e movement joints, and construction b 99 ‘14..5“ r W joints, concrete surface repair, water | J\"*""" ad * stop wherever necessary and concrete s E - tests all as per drawings and in S A ) pe accordance with specifications 7 -Uj:_"/~/ Code |Description Unit of Quantity | Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.24 C (*) To Slab on Grade, 125 mm thickness | METRE 110.00 389.00 42,790.00 770,220.00 reinforced with mesh 5T10/m . SQUARE 1.6.23 D (*) To Footings METRIC 18.00 3,410.00 61,380.00 1,104,840.00 CUBE 1624F (*) Tn Tie Reams MFTRIC 7 00 5,904.00 41,328.00 743,901.00 CUBE 1.6.24 F (*) To External Stalrs METRIC 1.0V 6,39/.0U b,39/.00 115,146.00 CUBE Note |Note Details

a2 18 i T g g SEd T 1.6.24 Note |Reinforced Concrete (Superstructure) 1.6.29 Note |Reinforced cast-in-place concrete with type | cement, Grade 300 including formwork, steel reinforcement, movement joints, and construction joints, concrete surface repair and concrete tests all as per drawings and in accordance with specifications Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.26 G {*) To Columns METRIC 15.00 7,980.00 119,700.00 2,154,600.00 CUBE 1.6.24 H (*) To Slabs METRIC 70.00 4,998.00 349,860.00 6,297,480.00 CUBE 1.6.24 | (*) To Beams METRIC 12.00 6,124.00 73,488.00 1,322,784.00 CUBE 1.6.29) (*) To Stairs METRIC 3.50 6,396.00 22,386.00 402,948.00 CUBE Note |Note Details 1.6.3(] Note |DIV 07 - THERMAL AND MOISTURE PROTECTION 1.6.31 Note |POLYETHYLENE SHEETS Code |Description Unit of Quantlty Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.633A (*) 400 microns polyethylene film vapor | METRE 110.00 79.00 8,690.00 156,420.00 retarder placed under slab on grade SQUARE including 50 mm screed protection layer as per drawings and specifications. Note |Note Details 1.6.3% Note |07141-COLD BITUMEN EMULSION 1.6.34 Note |Cold fluid applied 3 coats bituminous paints; as specified and as shown on drawings Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.398 (*) for foundations, ground beams, METRE 220.00 54.00 11,880.00 213,840.00 columns neck, and blockwork up to slab |[SQUARE on grade all as per drawings and specifications Note |Note Detalls 1.6.3¢ Note |03 - CONCRETE WORK —\ 1.6.37 3521 |UGHTWEIGHT CONCRETE I 1.6.38 Note |Cellular type lightweight concrete slope ”1:;:.\‘ b e 8 level difference: 60 J\b“‘ ] . mm thickness average as per drawings, & T . with max density 800 kg/m3 and in - a {I o accordance with specifications; to _ 3)":'::___,'/-"j R Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / 3 “Yotal TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.394 A (") Roof METRE 60.00 167.00 10,020.00 180,36U.00 SQUARE

1.6.40 8B (*) upper roof METRE 21.00 167.00 3,507.00 63,126.00 SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.6.41 Note |Cellular type lightweight concrete with fixed thickness as per drawings, with max density 800 kg/m3 and in accordance with specifications; to Code [Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.43 C (*) Filling For internal roof annex METRE 11.00 473.00 5,203.00 93,654.00 thickness 200 mm SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.6.44 Note |04 - MASONRY 1.6.44 4810 |UNIT MASONRY ASSEMBLIES 1.6.49 Note |External & Internal Concrete blocks include sand cement grout, fixation,concrete lintels and metal lath Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.4¢4 A (*) Hollow Concrete Masonry Units METRIC 62.00 1,432.00 88,784.00 1,598,112.00 (CMU); 250mm CUBE 1.647 B {*) Hollow Concrete Masonry Units METRE 184.00 242.00 44,528.00 801,504.00 (CMU); 120mm SQUARE 1.6.44C (*) Solid Concrete Masonry Units METRIC 4.50 1,713.00 7,708.50 138,753.00 (CMU); 250 for Wet area - (1.5 m height |CUBE ) 1,6.49 D (*) Solid Concrete Masonry Units METRE 30.00 239.00 7,170.00 129,060.00 (CMU); 120 for Wet area - (1.5 m height |SQUARE ) 1650 F (*) Solid Concrete Masonry Units METRIC 10.00 1,713.00 17,130.00 308,340.00 {CMU); 250mm under slab on grade CUBE Note |Note Details 1.6.51 4851 STONE CLADDING 1.6.53 Note |external stone include , fixation i e o K 4.5)‘: (machinacal / wet fixation) ,and all cartl T AL T | cotu necessary accessories; subject to | .)\"\:il"l:"' Ly Engineer’s approval; in accordance with \ e M drawings and specifications Code |Description Unitof | Quantity Unit Price / Tatal TR I =y o L E | Measure |/ Base Discount%s ( | e ment Price 1.6.53 H (*) External Rough Terriesta Stone METRE 35.00 985.00 34,475.00 620,550.00 Cladding - Wet fixation SQUARE 1.6.54 | (*) External Terriesta Stone Skirting 300 | METRE 41.00 404.00 16,564.00 298,152.00 mm Height X 20mm Thickness 1.6.59) (*) Local Terriesta stone copping METRE 52.00 414.00 21,528.00 387,504.00 350mm X 20mm as per approved sample 1.6.5¢ L (*) Local Terriesta stone copping 20mm | METRE 2.00 1,132.00 2,264.00 40,752.00 thickness to cover ducts as per SQUARE approved sample Note |[Note Details 1.6 59 Note |05 — METALS =2 [ TECTRA

= 1.6.5 Note |steel ladder painted with epoxy (delivered from factory with epoxy primer) including supports and necessary painting and accessories as specified and as shown in the drawings Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.59 A (*) Steel Ladder Roof & Upper Roof ITEM 1.00 11,816.00 11,816.00 212,688.00 Note [Note Details 1.6.6(] 5800 |STEEL MESH AT ROOF & UPPER ROOF 1.6.63] Note |Electrostatic painted steel insect mesh including all required fixation and all accessories to complete work according to drawings and specifications. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.64 A (*) At roof and upper roof duct METRE 1.00 1,181.00 1,181.00 21,258.00 enclosures SQUARE Note |Note Detalils 1.6.63 Note |07 - THERMAL AND MOISTURE PROTECTION 1.6.64 7551 |APP-MODIFIED BITUMINOUS R S MEMBRANE el AS 0 1.6.654 Note |Modified Bituminous Membrane; \ )L\T‘-A-'!'B - SR "l Supply and install waterproofing \. 2 membrane; 4mm thick; sand cement | = i screed with fibers , including necessary | iy, igtt preparations and layers; fixing; and all | i L ——— o Il necessary works according to drawings and specifications; to Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.64 A (*) Wet areas (Toilets) METRE 23.00 222.00 5,106.00 91,908.00 SQUARE 1.6.674 B (*) Terraces at ground , first and METRE 12.00 222.00 2,664.00 47,952.00 enternaces SQUARE 1.6.68C (*) Roof terrace METRE 60.00 222.00 13,320.00 239,760.00 SQUARE 1.6.69 D (*) Upper Roof METRE 21.00 222.00 4,662.00 83,916.00 SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.6.7d Note |Aluminum Louvers include frame, fixing and coating; as per drawings, and specifications. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.71 A (*) 150 mm Dia Electrostatic painted ITEM 6.00 788.00 4,728.00 85,104.00 exhaust fan aluminum louver (color to match adjacent walls ) for toilets and kitchen areas Note |Note Details 1.6.74 8800 |GLAZING = | [ TECTRY |

1.6.74 Note |12 mm Tempered l[aminted Glass Handrail include glass, framing, stainless steel rail 20 mm x 20 mm grade 304 and fixation; as per drawings, and specifications. Code |Description Unitof | Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.74 A (*) Glass handrail 1000 mm height - METRE 15.00 6,105.00 91,575.00 1,648,350.00 HRO1 1.6798 (*) Glass handrail 500 mm height - HR02 | METRE 1.00 4,431.00 4,431.00 79,758.00 1.6.74 C (*) Glass handrail cut Sloped max METRE 15.50 6,203.00 96,146.50 1,730,637.00 1000mm height - HRO3 Note |Note Details 1.6.77] Note |09 - FINISHES 1.6.74 9220 |PLASTER 1.6.79 Note |Sand cement plaster include all materials, metal lath, and accessories; to Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unlt Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.8(0 A (*) walls : interior METRE 370.00 122.00 45,140.00 812,520.00 SQUARE 1.6.84 B (*) Ceiling : interior METRE 186.00 122.00 22,692.00 408,456.00 SQUARE 1.6.84 C (*) Walls : exterior METRE 365.00 156.00 56,940.00 1,024,920.00 SQUARE 1.6.83D (*) Ceiling : exterior METRE 30.00 156.00 4,680.00 84,240.00 SQUARE 1.6.84 E (*) Cementitious Waterproofing : color | METRE 7.00 155.00 1,085.00 19,530.00 as per drawings SQUARE Note |Note Detalls 1.6.89 3400 |CEMENT TILES Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.84 F (*) Cement Tiles at upper roof METRE 21.00 246.00 5,166.00 92,988.00 SQUARE 1.6.84G (*) Cement Skirting 200mm height at METRE 20.00 59.00 1,180.00 21,240.00 upper roof e Note |Note Details o P 1.6.84 9900 |PAINTING 3 1.6.849 Note |External high quality pure acrylic emulsion paint ; ® Jotun (jota shieled decor high build « fine) 1 coat. e e Or approved equal Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.90 A (*) Elevations & Ceiling - White Color METRE 25.00 155.00 3,875.00 69,750.00 SQUARE 1.691 8 (*) Elevations & Ceiling - Beige Color METRE 340.00 153.00 52,020.00 936,360.00 SQUARE Note |[Note Details 1.6.94 Note ELECTRICAL 1.6.93 Note |Empty Conduits Branch f | 4 i { | 3

1.6.94 Note |Supply and install branch empty conduits with nylon rope including conduits filling back to panel or second outlet or related switch and all necessary accessories and fittings for power, lighting and low current systems, and to complete the work as shown on the drawings and indicated in the technical specifications 1.6.99 Note |Lighting Outlets Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.94 A (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 63.00 199.00 12,537.00 225,666.00 lighting outlets Note |Note Detalils 1.6.97 Note |Lighting Switches Outlet Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1694 8 (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 12.00 119.00 1,428.00 25,704.00 one way one gang lighting switches outlet 1.6.99 C (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 5.00 123.00 615.00 11,070.00 one way two gang lighting switches outlet 1.6.14 D (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 4.00 111.00 444.00 7,992.00 one way three gang lighting switches outlet 1.6.1¢G E (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 16.00 156.00 2,496.00 44,928.00 two way one gang lighting switches outlet Note |Note Details . 1.6.1( Note |Socket outlets :,;\ Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO 4 Measure |/ Base Discount % —.l - ment Price 3, i i 1.6.1QF (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 7.00 305.00 2,135.00 38,430.00 3 -;’ : Fan socket with indicator lamp 3 At 1 including fan switch outlet o 1 1.61d G (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduitfor | NUMBER 41,00 180.00 7,380.00 132,84000 || | 3 i 1 single socket outlet, 16A j ) 1.6.1 H (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 7.00 180.00 1,260.00 22,680.00 N ) single socket outlet, 16A, W/P 7'; ! 1.6.1q | (*) @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 7.00 363.00 2,541.00 45,738.00 o power socket outlet o 1.6.14) (*} @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 3.00 438.00 1,314.00 23,652.00 EWH socket outlet Note |Note Detalls 1.6.10 Note |Circuit and Motor Disconnects Outlets Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1610 KA (*) @ 25mm LIPVC empty canduit for NIIMPFR 10,00 565.00 5,650.00 101,700.00 SPU Isolator outlet and for direct connection of SPU outlet 1.6.11 K (*) @ 32mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 1.00 631.00 631.00 11,358.00 Swimming Pool outlet i =T TECTRA

Note Note Details 1.6.11 Note Miscellaneous eSS 2 Code Description Unit of ment Measure Quantity / Base Price Unit Price / Discount % Total TCO 1.6.11L (*) @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for car| METRE gate including back boxes and all related works. 15.00 38.00 570.00 10,260.00 1.6.14 M (*) @ 25 mm UPVC empty conduits for fence & garden lighting including all related works. METRE 15.00 38.00 570.00 10,260.00 1.6.1% (*) @ 25 mm UPVC empty conduits to feed MIC on fence including all related works. METRE 15.00 38.00 570.00 10,260.00 1.6.11 (*) 50 mm empty UPVC conduit from MDB location at ground floor to DBF location at first floor METRE 8.00 80.00 640.00 11,520.00 1.6.11 (*) @ 50 mm UPVC empty conduits to enclose power cable from main distribution board to KWHM & external panel including all related works. METRE 15.00 69.00 1,035.00 18,630.00 1.6.13 Q (*) @ 20 mm UPVC empty conduits to enclose earthing cable including all related works. METRE 15.00 32.00 480.00 8,640.00 1.6.11 R (*) Supplying, installing, connecting fiber opticable BOX on fence as indicated on the drawings including fittings,cover, 2 inch UPVC HEAVY GAUGE CONDUIT and all ancillary works for complete installation as per drawing and specification NUMBE R 1.00 1,459.00 1,459.00 26,262.00 Note Note Details 1.6.1] Note Cabling 1.6.12 Note Supply, install, connect, test and commission the following main feeder power cable (copper cables) as specified and indicated on drawings including all necessary accessories and fittings £l “,& Code Description Unit of ment Measure Quantity / Base Price Unit Price / Discount % Total TCO 1.6.12 (*) (3 x35)+16 mm2 PVC/CU/PVC METRE 15.00 1,098.00 16,470.00 296,460.00 & 35 i - =t w34 i 1.6.12 (*) 1 x 16 mm2 PVC/CU/PVC for Earthing METRE 15.00 114.00 1,710.00 30,780.00 - e i‘e Note Note Details 1.6.1% Note Intercom System 1.6.12% Note Supply and install outlet empty boxes for Home intercom units and main intercom unit including 20mm dia UPVC conduits provided with nylon rope inside completed with all necessary accessories and fittings from main unit to home intercom unit all as specified and indicated on drawings ey Laliad \ \J Code Description Unit of ment Measure Quantity / Base Price Unit Price / Discount % Total TCO .

R e 1.6.14 U (*) for Home Intercom outlet NUMBER 3.00 314.00 942.00 16,956.00 1.6.13V (*) for Main Intercom outlet on fence NUMBER 1.00 394.00 354.00 7,092.00 Note |Note Detalls 1.6.124 Note |IP System Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unlt Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.12 W (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for IP | NUMBER 15.00 394.00 5,910.00 106,380.00 outlet 1.6.13 X (*) HMDI empty back box at 120 mc NUMBER 1.00 333.00 333.00 5,994.00 connected to HMDI empty back box at 30 cm through @ 32 empty conduit 1.6.13Y (*) IP RACK EMPTY BACK BOX NUMBER 1.00 448.00 448.00 8,064.00 Note |[Note Details 1.6.13 Note |EARTHING SYSTEM 1.6.14 Note |Supply, install, test, connect, complete earthing system including excavation , backfilling , earthing pits, earth continuity conductors, clamps, test link and all connections to earth bar to achieve resistance as specified in the technical specifications and indicated and shown on drawings. and all necessary accessories, required to complete the work. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.13 2 (*) Allowance for Power Earthing Lump 1.00 17,861.00 17,861.00 321,498.00 system to achieve maximum earthing [Sum resistance of 2 ohm Note [Note Details 1.6.19 Note |KWHM Empty ENCLOSURE Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.14 AA (*) Supply install empty KWHM NUMBER 1.00 3,950.00 3,950.00 71,100.00 enclosure on fence including C.B Note |Note Detalls 1.6.13 Note |Lighting Fixture 1.6.13 Note |[installing Lighting fixtures {without wiring) according to drawings and specifications Code |Description Unlt of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.13 AB (*) Type L11 NUMBER 12.00 55.00 660.00 11,880.00 Note |Note Detalls ' 1.6.13 Note |15MECHANICAL 1.6.14 15.1 Domestic Water Supply System = TECTRA

L = L = == s I = == = M= 1.6.14 15.1.1 |Supplying, installing, connecting, and testing polypropylene piping systems(PN10) for domestic cold water above ground, complete, including all fittings, sleeves, supports, hangers and inserts, Dia. of pipes inner Dia., all as specified as shown@ Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.14 (*) 20mm inner Dia. METRE 5.00 93.00 465.00 8,370.00 15.1.1. 1 1.6.14 (*) 25mm inner Dia. METRE 20.00 123.00 2,460.00 44,280.00 15.1.1. 2 1.6.14 (*) 32mm inner Dia. METRE 5.00 177.00 885.00 15,930.00 15.1.1. 3 Note |Note Details 1.6.14 15.1.2 |Supplying, installing, connecting and testing polypropylene piping systems(PN16) for domestic cold water underground ,complete, including all fittings complete including but not limited to pipes, fittings & couplings, supports, inserts, PVC sleeves,excavation, back filling, including but not limited to lateral & longitudinal bracings and all other accessories as especified and as shown Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO p——————— Measure |/ Base Discount % o ment Price ? i e | y . 1.6.14 (*) 20mm inner Dia. METRE 5.00 110.00 550.00 9,900.00 B g 15.1.1. -5 \ 1.6.14 (*) 25mm inner Dia. METRE 20.00 142.00 2,840.00 51,120.00 || = & ¢ 15.1.1. o J 1.6.14 (*) 32mm inner Dia. METRE 25.00 192.00 4,800.00 86,400.00 3 o) 15.1.1. - \ 3 W 1.6.14 (*) 40mm inner Dia. METRE 5.00 251.00 1,255.00 22,590.00 'zj 15.1.1. ‘ 3 4 1.6.19 15.1.3 |{*} Supplying and installing water meter | NUMBER 1.00 5,812.00 5,812.00 104,616.00 Plastic chamber complete with all piping, fittings,Valves, GRP Cover, PC base, Plastering, waterproof paint and as per specifications and drawings (water meter out of scope)(40mm inner Dia.) 1.6.19 15.1.4 |{*) Supplying and installing@ 25 mm NUMBER 1.00 1,181.00 1,181.00 21,258.00 Irrigation Valve Box with Isolating Valve for Garden

-—s = e = i X 26 1.6.19 15.1.5 |(*) Supplying, installing, connecting, and| NUMBER 4.00 1,034.00 4,136.00 74,448.00 testing relief valves (automatic air vent) 25 mm Dia. complete with all accessories and fittings as specified . Note |Note Details 1.6.149 15.2 Drainage System 1.6.19 15.2.1 |Supply, install, connect and test all soil, waste, storm and vent (UPVC) PN.6 vertical & horizontal piping system above ground piping complete including roof vent caps, couplings, supports, hangers, and all other accessories as specified and as shown on drawings. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.14 (*) 25 mm Dia. Piping METRE 20.00 66.00 1,320.00 23,760.00 15.2.1. 1 1.6.19 (*) 50 mm Dia. Piping METRE 35.00 133.00 4,655.00 83,790.00 15.2.1. ] 1.6.15 (*) 75 mm Dia. Piping METRE 25.00 188.00 4,700.00 84,600.00 15.2.1. 3 1.6.15 (*) 110 mm Dia. Piping METRE 25.00 327.00 8,175.00 147,150.00 15.2.1. 4 Note |Note Detalils 1.6.19 15.2.2 |Supplying, installing, connecting and testing UPVC (PN 10) for underground dainage piping systems "T;“_— = , complete including y;l\) but not limited to pipes,excavation and '!"_;‘ back-filling, fittings - & couplings, concrete encasement, and Ty all other accessories f as especified and as shown on drawings. } ~ " 2 5 § o | & 1 & aad Code |Description Unlt of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO E ;“ Measure |/ Base Discount % ‘»r"% ‘ ment Price a5 1.6.16 (*) 25 mm Dia. Piping METRE 6.00 76.00 456.00 8,20800 | ' 15.2.2, 144 1 ié, i 1.6.16 (*) 50 mm Dia. Piping METRE 35.00 154.00 5,390.00 97,020.00 15.2.2. 2 1.6.16 {*} 75 mm Dia. Piping METRE 10.00 239.00 2,390.00 43,020.00 15.2.2. 3 1.6.14 (*)} 110 mm Dia. Piping METRE 55.00 422.00 23,210.00 417,780.00 15.2.2. 4 Note |Note Detalls

2388 - = - 2 i 1.6.14 15.2.3 |[Supplying, installing, connecting, and testing all Floor cleanout, complete including, gratings, covers and traps all as specified and as shown on drawings Code [Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.16 {*) FCO - 110 mm Dia. NUMBER 6.00 941.00 5,646.00 101,628.00 15.2.3. 1 Note |Note Details 1.6.1¢ 15.2.4 |Supplying, installing, connecting, and testing all roof drains and planter drains complete including, gratings, covers and traps all as specified and as shown on drawings Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.6.14 (*) SRD-75 mm Dia. NUMBER 3.00 689.00 2,067.00 37,206.00 15.2.4, 1 1.6.14 15.2.5 |{*) Supplying, installing, connecting, and| NUMBER 4.00 1,034.00 4,136.00 74,448.00 testing relief valves (automatic air vent) 25 mm Dia. complete with all accessories and fittings as specified . 1.6.1¢ 15.2.6 |(*) Supplying, installing, connecting and | NUMBER 1.00 1,969.00 1,969.00 35,442.00 testing of Gully trap complete with tight cover including . heavy duty grating and o frame and all other accessories all as 1 specifications and as ..— shown on drawings . £ Note |Note Details N 1.6.171 15.3 HVAC WORKS : 1.6.19 NOTE |Supply, install, connect and test PVC - 2’ k4 conduit including sleeves for RF pipes N ¢ ? Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO 53 21 ,’.r Measure |/ Base Discount % R B ment Price p 20 t 1.6.17 15.3.1 |{*) 90 mm Dia. METRE 50.00 174.00 8,700.00 156,600.00 \‘3 1,7 V02 1,841,253.80 33,142,568.40 1 Note |Note Details 1.7.1 | Note |DIV 02 - EARTHWORK 1.7.2 | Note |Soil Tests Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1738 (*) Complete geotechnical investigation | NUMBER 1.00 2,961.00 2,961.00 53,298.00 as per Egyptian code requirements and consultant recommendation rate includes full report and recumimendalions for one boreholes with 15m depth

1.7.4 (*) Complete geotechnical investigation as per Egyptian code requirements and consultant recommendation rate includes full report and recommendations for one boreholes with 10m depth NUMBER 1.00 1,969.00 1,969.00 35,442.00 Note Note Details 1.7.5 Note 02300 - EARTHWORK Code Description Unit of Measure ment Quantity / Base Price Unit Price / Discount % Total TCO 1.7.6 (*) Excavation in sand soil down to required foundation level including supporting sides of excavation with safe and proper method, shoring, dewatering and compaction of excavated bottom, the price shall include disposal of excavated materials off site to approved area.{ based on Engineer instruction ) METRIC CUBE 350.00 44.00 15,400.00 277,200.00 1.7.7 (*) Excavation in clay soil down to required foundation level including supporting sides of excavation with safe and proper method, shoring, dewatering and compaction of excavated bottom, the price shall include disposal of excavated materials off site to approved area.( based on Engineer instruction ) METRIC CUBE 50.00 59.00 2,950.00 53,100.00 1.7.8 (*) Backfill using suitable imported approved materials as recommended in soil report; lay on 25c¢m thick. for each layer Including compaction up to 95% of dry density all as per specifications. METRIC CUBE 235.00 171.00 40,185.00 723,330.00 1.7.9 (*) Backfill using selected excavated materials as recommended in soil report; lay on 25cm thick. for each layer Including compaction up to 95% of dry density all as per specifications. METRIC CUBE 120.00 69.00 8,280.00 149,040.00 C ot ! 1.7.10 (*) Soil Replacement/Engineering fill 1m thick. (if required by geotechnical report's recommendations) using suitable imported approved well graded, clean sand below foundation level, lay on 25¢m thick. for each layer Including compaction up to 95% of dry density all as per specifications.(optional) METRIC CUBE 240.00 171.00 41,040.00 738,720.00 . i L= 2 JImth Note Note Detalls 1.7.1] Note DIV 03 - CONCRETE 1.7.19 Note 03300 - CAST-IN-PLACE CONCRETE 1.7.13 Note For all concrete work, rate includes form work, steel reinforcement, chairs, spacer, mechanical vibration, concrete joints and curing all concrete works are rcady mixed concrete by required strength TECTRA

1.7.14 Note |Plain Concrete (Substructure) 1.7.19 Note |Supply, place, finish, cure and test of plain castin-place concrete with specified cement Grade 200, as per drawings and in accordance with specifications. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.1¢4 5 (*) Below footings . METRIC 17.00 1,424.00 24,208.00 435,744,00 CUBE 1.7.14 8 (*) 10UMmM thick under ground beams METRE 35.00 148.00 5,180.00 93,240.00 SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.7.18 Note |Reinforced Concrete (Substructure) 1.7.19 Note [Reinforced cast-in-place concrete with type | cement, Grade 250 including formwork, steel reinforcement, movement joints, and construction joints, concrete surface repair, water stop wherever necessary and concrete tests all as per drawings and in accordance with specifications Code [Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.24q C (*) To Slab on Grade, 125 mm thickness | METRE 130.00 377.00 49,010.00 882,180.00 reinforced with mesh 5T10/m . SQUARE 1.7.294 D (*) To Footings METRIC 15.00 4,150.00 62,250.00 1,120,500.00 CUBE 1724 E (*) To Tie Beams METRIC 10.00 5,926.00 59,260.00 1,066,680.00 CUBE PR 1723 F (*) To External Stairs METRIC 0.50 5,916.00 2,958.00 53,244.00 2, CUBE Note |Note Detalls 15 1.7.24 Note _|Reinforced Concrete (Substructure) 1 = 1.7.24 Note |Reinforced cast-in-place concrete with i = N type | cement, Grade 300 including 2 y * formwork, steel reinforcement, ,\_ Ti‘ [i movement joints, and construction " A joints, concrete surface repair, water 5 ) 3 stop wherever necessary and concrete ‘ s fi !, | tests all as per drawings and in - ? accordance with specifications " ;’ { Code |Description (Unitof | Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO 43 Measure |/ Base Discount % _:_,_,—- 0 ment Price 1.7.24 G (*) To Columns Neck METRIC 2.00 6,918.00 13,836.00 249,048.00 CUBE Note |Note Detalls 1.7.27 Note |Reinforced Concrete (Superstructure) EC | R & =k -

1.7.28 Note [Reinforced cast-in-place concrete with type | cement, Grade 300 including formwork, steel reinforcement, movement joints, and construction joints, concrete surface repair and concrete tests all as per drawings and in accordance with specifications Code |Description Unitof | Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.29 | (*) To Columns METRIC 17.00 6,950.00 118,150.00 2,126,700.00 CUBE 1.7.34 J (*) To Slabs METRIC 70.00 4,950.00 346,500.00 6,237,000.00 CUBE 1.7.314 K (*) To Beams METRIC 11.00 4,540.00 49,940.00 898,920.00 CUBE 1.7.37 L {*) To Stairs METRIC 6.00 5,916.00 35,496.00 638,928.00 CUBE Note |Note Details 1.7.33 Note DIV 07 - THERMAL AND MOISTURE PROTECTION 1.7.34 Note |POLYETHYLENE SHEETS Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1734 A (*) 400 microns polyethylene film vapor | METRE 130.00 79.00 10,270.00 184,860.00 retarder placed under slab on grade SQUARE including 50 mm screed protection layer as per drawings and specifications. Note |Note Details 1.7.3¢ Note |07141-COLD BITUMEN EMULSION 1.7.37 Note |Cold fluid applied 3 coats bituminous paints; as specified and as shown on . drawings :j\ Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO H :1 Measure |/ Base Discount % ‘ ment Price 4 3 1.7.34 8B (*) for foundations, ground beams, METRE 420.00 54.00 22,680.00 408,240.00 '! <& columns neck, and blockwork up to slab [SQUARE i " on grade all as per drawings and . :1‘ specifications ‘ ?"—é Note |Note Detalls [ 1.7.39 Note |03 - CONCRETE WORK ‘ 234 1.7.40 3521 |UGHTWEIGHT CONCRETE 15 1.7.41 Note |Cellular type lightweight concrete slope ‘3 level difference: 60 it mm thickness average as per drawings, with max density 800 kg/m3 and in accordance with specifications; to Code |Description Unitof | Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.43 A (*) Raof MFTRF £0 0N 167.00 10,020.00 180,360.00 SQUARE 1.7.43 B (*} upper roof METRE 23.00 167.00 3,841.00 69,138.00 SQUARE Note |Note Details ~7 3 [ TECTRA| i ’)-.HI_

- &8s 1.7.44 Note |Cellular type lightweight concrete with fixed thickness as per drawings, with max density 800 kg/m3 and in accordance with specifications; to Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.45C (*) Filling For internal roof annex METRE 13.00 473.00 6,149.00 110,682.00 thickness 200 mm SQUARE Note |Note Datails 1.7.44 Note [04 -MASONRY 1.7.47 4810 |UNIT MASONRY ASSEMBLIES 1.7.44 Note |External & Internal Concrete blocks include sand cement grout, fixation,concrete lintels and metal lath Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.49 A (*) Hollow Concrete Masonry Units METRIC 68.00 1,432.00 97,376.00 1,752,768.00 (CMU); 250mm CUBE 1.7.5( B (*) Hollow Concrete Masonry Units METRE 225.00 242.00 54,450.00 980,100.00 (CMU); 120mm SQUARE 1.7.53 C {*) Solid Concrete Masonry Units METRIC 4.00 1,713.00 6,852.00 123,336.00 {CMU); 250 for Wet area - (1.5 m height |CUBE ) 1.7.54D (*) Solid Concrete Masonry Units METRE 25.00 239.00 5,975.00 107,550.00 (CMU); 120 for Wet area - {1.5 m height |SQUARE ) 1753 F (*) Solid Concrete Masonry Units METRIC 10.00 1,713.00 17,130.00 308,340.00 (CMU); 250mm under slab on grade CUBE Note |Note Details 1.7.54 4851 STONE CLADDING 1.7.55 Note |external stone include , fixation || [ ——— (machinacal / wet fixation) ,and all ‘j‘ necessary accessories; subject to i 3 Engineer’s approval; in accordance with = drawings and specifications - & Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unlt Price / Total TCO ! w = Measure |/ Base Discount % " =, 2 ment Price = LA | e 3 1.7.5¢ H {*) External Rough Terriesta Stone METRE 35.00 985.00 34,475.00 620,550.00 f = T ] Cladding - Wet fixation SQUARE F R { 1.7.571 (*) External Terriesta Stone Skirting 300 | METRE 49.00 404.00 19,796.00 356,328.00 ||~ Y mm Height X 20mm Thickness -:_ { 1.7.54) (*) Local Terriesta stone copping METRE 60.00 413.00 24,780.00 446,040.00 «1. 350mm X 20mm as per approved ’1}5 sample - 1.7.59 L (*) Local Terriesta stone copping 20mm | METRE 2.00 1,132.00 2,264.00 40,752.00 thickness to cover ducts as per SQUARE approved sample Note |Note Details 1.7.6(] Note |05 — METALS 1.7.61 Note |[steel Jadder painted with epoxy {delivered from factory with epoxy primer) including supports and necessary painting and accessories as specified and as shown in the drawings 77 = D)

Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.64 A (*) Steel Ladder Roof & Upper Roof ITEM 1.00 11,816.00 11,816.00 212,688.00 Note |Note Details 1.7.63 5800 |STEEL MESH AT ROOF & UPPER ROOF 1.7.64 Note |Electrostatic painted steel insect mesh including all required fixation and all accessories to complete work according to drawings and specifications. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.69 B (*} At roof and upper roof duct METRE 0.80 1,181.00 944.80 17,006.40 enclosures SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.7.6¢4 Note |07 - THERMAL AND MOISTURE PROTECTION 1.7.671 7551 |APP-MODIFIED BITUMINOUS MEMBRANE 1.7.649 Note |Modified Bituminous Membrane; Supply and install waterproofing membrane; 4mm thick; sand cement screed with fibers, including necessary preparations and layers; fixing; and all necessary works according to drawings and specifications; to Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.64 A (*) Wet areas (Toilets) METRE 25.00 222.00 5,550.00 99,900.00 | » [ SQUARE ..?‘ 1.7.7q B (*) Terraces at ground , first and METRE 11.00 222.00 2,442.00 43,956.00 || -, enternaces SQUARE 1.7.74 C (*) Roof terrace METRE 60.00 222.00 13,320.00 239,760.00 4 = SQUARE 1.7.73D {*) Upper Roof METRE 23.00 222.00 5,106.00 91,908.00 SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.7.74 Note |08 - DOORS AND WINDOWS 1.7.74 Note |Aluminum Louvers include frame, fixing and coating; as per drawings, and specifications. a e ——— - —— . e A Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.7% A (*) 150 mm Dia Electrostatic painted ITEM 7.00 788.00 5,516.00 99,288.00 exhaust fan aluminum louver (color to match adjacent walls ) for toilets and kitchen areas Note |Note Details 1.7.7¢ 8800 |GLAZING 1.7.77 Note |12 mm Tempered laminted Glass Handrail include glass, framing, stainless steel rail 20 mm x 20 mm grade 304 and fixation; as per drawings, and speclfications.

Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure [/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.74 A (*) Glass handrail 1000 mm height - METRE 17.00 6,105.00 103,785.00 1,868,130.00 HRO1 1.7.79 8 (*) Glass handrail cut Sloped max METRE 14.00 6,203.00 86,842.00 1,563,156.00 1000mm height - HRO3 Note |Note Details 1.7.80 Note |09 - FINISHES 1.7.81] 9220 |PLASTER 1.7.84 Note [Sand cement plaster include all materials, metal lath, and accessories; to Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.83 A (*) Walls : interior METRE 447.00 122.00 54,534.00 981,612.00 SQUARE 1.7.84 8B (*) Ceiling : interior METRE 220.00 122.00 26,840.00 483,120.00 SQUARE 1.7.84 C (*) walls : exterior METRE 396.00 156.00 61,776.00 1,111,968.00 SQUARE 1.7.84 D (*} Ceiling : exterior METRE 19.00 156.00 2,964.00 53,352.00 SQUARE 1787 E (*) Cementitious Waterproofing : color | METRE 43.00 155.00 6,665.00 119,970.00 as per drawings SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.7.84 9400 |CEMENT TILES Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.84 F (*) Cement Tiles at upper roof roofs METRE 23.00 246.00 5,658.00 101,844.00 SQUARE 1.79(0 G (*) Cement Skirting 200mm height at METRE 23.00 59.00 1,357.00 24,426.00 upper roof Note |Note Details 1.7.97) 9900 |PAINTING 1.7.94 Note |External high quality pure acrylic emulsion paint ; e Jotun (jota shieled decor high build fine) 1 coat. e Or approved equal Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.93 A (*) Elevations & Ceiling - White Color METRE 318.00 155.00 49,290.00 887,220.00 SQUARE 1.7.94 B (*) Elevations & Ceiling - Beige Color METRE 78.00 153.00 11,934.00 214,812.00 SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.7.99 Note ELECTRICAL 1.7.9¢ Note |Empty Conduits Branch g | 3 '1 i) ¥ £ | I 1 - - -~ e —————

LRl 1.7.9% Note [Supply and install branch empty conduits with nylon rope including conduits filling back to panel or second outlet or related switch and all necessary accessories and fittings for power, lighting and low current systems, and to complete the work as shown on the drawings and indicated in the technical specifications 1.7.94 Note |Lighting Outlets Code [Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.799 A (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 66.00 199.00 13,134.00 236,412.00 lighting outlets Note |Note Details 1.7.10 Note |Lighting Switches Outlet Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.14 B (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 14.00 119.00 1,666.00 29,988.00 one way one gang lighting switches outlet 1.7.14 C (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 6.00 123.00 738.00 13,284.00 one way two gang lighting switches outlet 1.7.1Q D (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 4.00 1112.00 444.00 7,992.00 one way three gang lighting switches outlet 1.7.14 E (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 16.00 157.00 2,512.00 45,216.00 two way one gang lighting switches outlet Note |Note Details p—- 1.7.1(] Note [Socket outlets "3, Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unlt Price / Total TCO 3 Measure |/ Base Discount % = : ment Price ! 1.7.1Q F (*) & 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 6.00 305.00 1,830.00 32,940.00 | R Fan socket with indicator lamp ’ i 'a : including fan switch outlet i ) l 1714 G (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 44,00 180.00 7,920.00 142,560.00 || . = J i :, ! single socket outlet, 16A & 3 1.7.1QH (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 7.00 180.00 1,260.00 22,680.00 || . HE A single socket outlet, 16A, W/P { == y 1.7.14 | (*) @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 7.00 363.00 2,541.00 45,738.00 | .-‘, power socket outlet == 1.7.11 ) (*) @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 6.00 363.00 2,178.00 39,204.00 || =" EWH socket outlet Note |Note Details 1.7.1) Note [Circuit and Motor Disconnects Outlets Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unlt Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.13 KA (*)} @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 10.00 565.00 5,650.00 101,700.00 5PU Isolator outlet and for direct connection of SPU outlet 1.7.13 K (*) @ 32mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 1.00 631.00 631.00 11,358.00 Swimming Pool outlet T e ——— s e T,

L = L | Note Note Details 1.7.1]] Note Miscellaneous Code Description Unit of Measure ment Quantity / Base Price Unit Price / Discount % Total TCO 1.7.11 (*} @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for car gate including back boxes and all related works. METRE 15.00 38.00 570.00 10,260.00 1.7.14 (*) @ 25 mm UPVC empty conduits for fence & garden lighting including all related works. METRE 15.00 38.00 570.00 10,260.00 1.7.11 (*) @ 25 mm UPVC empty conduits to feed MIC on fence including all related works. METRE 15.00 38.00 570.00 10,260.00 1.7.13 (*) 50 mm empty UPVC conduit from MDB location at ground floor to DBF location at first floor METRE 5.00 80.00 400.00 7,200.00 1.7.11 (*) © 50 mm UPVC empty conduits to enclose power cable from main distribution board to KWHM & external panel including all related works. METRE 15.00 69.00 1,035.00 18,630.00 1.7.12 (*) @ 20 mm UPVC empty conduits to enclose earthing cable including all related works. METRE 15.00 32.00 480.00 8,640.00 1.7.12 (*) Supplying, installing, connecting fiber opticable BOX on fence as indicated on the drawings including fittings,cover, 2 inch UPVC HEAVY GAUGE CONDUIT and all ancillary works for complete installation as per drawing and specification NUMBER 1.00 1,459.00 1,459.00 26,262.00 Note Note Details 1.7.13 Note Cabling 1.7.12 Note Supply, install, connect, test and commission the following main feeder power cable (copper cables) as specified and indicated on drawings including all necessary accessories and fittings Code Description Unit of Measure ment Quantity / Base Price Unit Price / Discount % Total TCO 1.7.12 (*) (3 x35)+16 mm2 PVC/CU/PVC METRE 15.00 1,098.00 16,470.00 296,460.00 1.7.13 (*) 1 x 16 mm2 PVC/CU/PVC for Earthing METRE 15.00 114.00 1,710.00 30,780.00 Note Note Detalls 1.7.12 Note Intercom System 1.7.12 Note Supply and install outlet empty boxes for Home intercom units and main intercom unit including 20mm dia UPVC conduits provided with nylon rope inside completed with all necessary accessories and fittings from main unit to home intercom unit all as specified and indicated on drawings Code Description Unit of Measure ment Quantity / Dase Price Unit Price / Discount % Total TCO [l

& E23 = = = == = = 1.7.13 U (*) for Home Intercom outlet NUMBER 3.00 314.00 942.00 16,956.00 1.7.13V (*) for Main Intercom outlet on fence NUMBER 1.00 394.00 394.00 7,092.00 Note |Note Details 1.7.13 Note |IP System Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.13 W (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for IP | NUMBER 16.00 394.00 6,304.00 113,472.00 outlet 1.7.13 X (*) HMDI empty back box at 120 mc NUMBER 1.00 333.00 333.00 5,994.00 connected to HMDI empty back box at 30 ¢m through @ 32 empty conduit 1713 Y (*) IP RACK EMPTY BACK BOX NUMBER 1.00 448.00 448.00 8,064.00 Note |Note Details 1.7.14 Note EARTHING SYSTEM 1.7.13 Note [Supply, install, test, connect, complete earthing system including excavation, backfilling , earthing pits, earth continuity conductors, clamps, test link and all connections to earth bar to achieve resistance as specified in the technical specifications and indicated and shown on drawings. and all necessary accessories, required to complete the work. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.132 (*) Allowance for Power Earthing Lump 1.00 17,861.00 17,861.00 321,498.00 system to achieve maximum earthing [Sum resistance of 2 ohm Note |Note Details 1.7.14 Note |KWHM Empty ENCLOSURE i Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.13 AA (*) Supply install empty KWHM NUMBER 1.00 3,950.00 3,950.00 71,100.00 enclosure on fence including C.B Note |Note Details 1.7.13 Note |Lighting Fixture 1.7.14 Note |installing Lighting fixtures (without wiring) according to drawings and specifications Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.14 AB (*) Type L11 NUMBER 12.00 55.00 660.00 11,880.00 Note [Note Details - 1.7.14 Note |15MECHANICAL 1.7.14 15.1 Domestic Water Supply System = ) = | ulL

L e = Ny e 1.7.14 15.1.1 |Supplying, installing, connecting, and testing polypropylene piping systems(PN10) for domestic cold water above ground, complete, including all fittings, sleeves, supports, hangers and inserts, Dia. of pipes inner Dia., all as specified as shown@ Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.14 (*) 20mm inner Dia. METRE 5.00 93.00 465.00 8,370.00 15.1.1. 1 1.7.14 (*) 25mm inner Dia. METRE 20.00 123.00 2,460.00 44,280.00 15.1.1. 2 1.7.14 {(*) 32mm inner Dia. METRE 5.00 177.00 885.00 15,930.00 15.1.1. 3 Note [Note Details 1.7.14 15.1.2 [Supplying, installing, connecting and testing polypropylene piping systems(PN16) for domestic cold water underground ,complete, including al! fittings complete including but not limited to pipes, fittings & couplings, supports, inserts, PVC sleeves,excavation, back filling, including but not limited to lateral & longitudinal bracings and all other accessories as especified and as shown Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure [/ Base Discount % ment Price e 1.7.14 (*) 20mm inner Dia. METRE 5.00 110.00 550.00 9,900.00 15.1.1. il z 1.7.15 (*) 25mm inner Dia. METRE 20.00 142.00 2,840.00 51,120.00 = Yy 15.1.1. T, 2 7 1.7.15 (*) 32mm inner Dia. METRE 25.00 192.00 4,800.00 86,400.00 e 15.1.1. . 2 4 1.7.1§ (*) 40mm inner Dia. METRE 5.00 251.00 1,255.00 22,590.00 4 15.1.1. 1 4 1.7.14 15.1.3 |(*) Supplying and installing water meter | NUMBER 1.00 5,812.00 5,812.00 104,616.00 .yv_.-« Plastic chamber complete with all B I piping, fittings,Valves, GRP Cover , PC base, Plastering, waterproof paint and as per specifications and drawings (water meter out of scope}{40mm inner Dia.) 1.7.19 15.1.4 |(*) Supplying and installing@ 25 mm NUMBER 1.00 1,181.00 1,181.00 21,258.00 Irrigation Valve Box with Isolating Valve for Garden

LB AR e IE e O e e 3 1.7.14 15.1.5 |{*) Supplying, installing, connecting, and | NUMBER 4.00 1,034.00 4,136.00 74,448.00 testing relief valves (automatic air vent) 25 mm Dia. complete with all accessories and fittings as specified . Note |Note Details 1.7.14 15.2 Drainage System 1.7.19 15.2.1 |Supply, install, connect and test all soil, waste, storm and vent (UPVC) PN.6 vertical & horizontal piping system above ground piping complete including roof vent caps, couplings, supports, hangers, and all other accessories as specified and as shown on drawings. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.15 (*) 25 mm Dia. Piping METRE 20.00 66.00 1,320.00 23,760.00 15.2.1. 1 1.7.15 (*) 50 mm Dia. Piping METRE 35.00 133.00 4,655.00 83,790.00 15.2.1. 2 1.7.14 (*) 75 mm Dia. Piping METRE 20.00 188.00 3,760.00 67,680.00 15.2.1. 3 1.7.16 (*) 110 mm Dia. Piping METRE 20.00 327.00 6,540.00 117,720.00 15.2.1. 4 Note |Note Detalls 1.7.1¢ 15.2.2 |Supplying, installing, connecting and testing UPVC (PN 10) for underground dainage piping systems , complete including papmemar=ey but not limited to pipes,excavation and "i, back-filling, fittings i< & couplings, concrete encasement, and =3 C all other accessories l ) ' P as especified and as shown on drawings. ji 2% 3 - 7 Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO ‘ 1 Ti 3 Measure |/ Base Discount % t 2_1 ment Price ‘-; J 1’ 3 o) 1.7.14 (*) 25 mm Dia. Piping METRE 6.00 76.00 456.00 8,208.00 ;“ ; 15.2.2. H 1-:. 1 34 1.7.14 (*) 50 mm Dia. Piping METRE 35.00 154.00 5,390.00 97,020.00 ‘ > 15.2.2, 1 2 1.7.1¢ (*) 75 mm Dia. Piping METRE 10.00 239.00 2,390.00 43,020.00 15.2.2. 3 1.7.14 (*)} 110 mm Dia. Piping METRE 55.00 422.00 23,210.00 417,780.00 15.2.2. 4 Note |Note Details ~

LR S - N W an 1.7.14 15.2.3 |Supplying, installing, connecting, and testing all Floor cleanout, complete including, gratings, covers and traps all as specified and as shown on drawings Code [Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.14 (*) FCO - 110 mm Dia. NUMBER 6.00 941.00 5,646.00 101,628.00 15.2.3. 1 Note |Note Details 1.7.14 15.2.4 [Supplying, installing, connecting, and testing all roof drains and planter drains complete including, gratings, covers and traps all as specified and as shown on drawings Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.7.17 (*) SRD-75 mm Dia. NUMBER 3.00 689.00 2,067.00 37,206.00 15.2.4, 1 1.7.17 15.2.5 |(*) Supplying, installing, connecting, and | NUMBER 4.00 1,034.00 4,136.00 74,448.00 testing relief valves (automatic air vent) 25 mm Dia. complete with all accessories and fittings as specified . 1.7.1715.2.6 [(*) Supplying, installing, connecting and | NUMBER 1.00 1,969.00 1,969.00 35,442.00 testing of Gully trap complete with tight cover including heavy duty grating and frame and all other accessories all as specifications and as shown on drawings . i i Note |Note Details N 1.7.174 153 HVAC WORKS o] 1.7.1 NOTE [Supply, install, connect and test PVC ! i ‘ conduit including sleeves for RF pipes ’ 2 v ] 4 i v Code |Description Unitof [Quantity | UnitPrice / Total TCO 1/ 3 Measure |/ Base Discount % i 0! E ment Price | ] oot I| £ A 1.7.13 15.3.1 |(*) 90 mm Dia, METRE 50.00 174.00 8,700.00 15(5,600.00Jtl 41 J 3 1.8 UV-3PLEX 4,688,085.50 4,688,085.50 || » .: Note |Note Details Fan 1.8.1 | Note |DIVO2EARTHWORK .5 1.8.2 | Note |Soil Tests % g Code [Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 183 |8 (*} Complete geotechnical investigation | NUMBER 1.00 2,961.00 2,961.00 2,961.00 as per Egyptian code requirements and consultant recommendation rate includes full report and recommendations tor one boreholes with 15m depth

1.8.4 (*) Complete geotechnical investigation as per Egyptian code requirements and consultant recommendation rate includes full report and recommendations for one boreholes with 10m depth NUMBER 1,969.00 1,969.00 1,969.00 Note Note Details 1.8.5 Note 02300 - EARTHWORK Code Description Unit of Measure ment Quantity / Base Price Unit Price / Discount % Total TCO 1.8.6 (*) Excavation in sand soil down to required foundation level including supporting sides of excavation with safe and proper method, shoring, dewatering and compaction of excavated bottom, the price shall include disposal of excavated materials off site to approved area.( based on Engineer instruction ) METRIC CUBE 700.00 44.00 30,800.00 30,800.00 1.8.7 {*) Excavation in clay soil down to required foundation level including supporting sides of excavation with safe and proper method, shoring, dewatering and compaction of excavated bottom, the price shall include disposal of excavated materials off site to approved area.( based on Engineer instruction ) METRIC CUBE 100.00 59.00 5,900.00 5,900.00 1.8.8 (*) Backfill using suitable imported approved materials as recommended in soil report; lay on 25c¢m thick. for each layer Including compaction up to 95% of dry density all as per specifications. METRIC CUBE 500.00 171.00 85,500.00 85,500.00 1.8.9 (*) Backfill using selected excavated materials as recommended in soil report; lay on 25cm thick. for each layer Including compaction up to 95% of dry density all as per specifications. METRIC CUBE 250.00 69.00 17,250.00 17,250.00 | 1.8.1Q (*) Soil Replacement/Engineering fill 1m thick. (if required by geotechnical report's recommendations) using suitable imported approved well graded, clean sand below foundation level, lay on 25cm thick. for each layer Including compaction up to 95% of dry density all as per specifications. METRIC CUBE 750.00 171.00 128,250.00 128,250.00 » |"1'| 4 .3 g Aaad ba lJ Note Note Details 1.8.11 Note DIV 03 - CONCRETE 1.8.12 Note 03300 - CAST-IN-PLACE CONCRETE 1.8.13 Note For all concrete work, rate includes form work, steel reinforcement, chairs, spacer, mechanical vibration, concrete joints and curing all concrete works are ready mixed concrete by required strength 1.8.14 Note Plain Concrete (Substructure) == | [ TECTRA

LR A 4 1.8.19 Note |Supply, place, finish, cure and test of plain castin-place concrete with specified cement Grade 200, as per drawings and in accordance with specifications. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.1¢4 5 (*) Below footings . METRIC 59.00 1,424.00 84,016.00 84,016.00 CUBE 1.8.19 8B (*) 100mm thick under ground beams | METRE 70.00 148.00 10,360.00 10,360.00 SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.8.18 Note |[Reinforced Concrete (Substructure) 1.8.19 Note |Reinforced cast-in-place concrete with type | cement, Grade 250 including formwork, steel reinforcement, movement joints, and construction joints, concrete surface repair, water stop wherever necessary and concrete tests all as per drawings and in accordance with specifications Code |Description Unit of Quantlity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.2q C (*)} To Slab on Grade, 125 mm thickness | METRE 285.00 338.00 96,330.00 96,330.00 reinforced with mesh 5T10/m . SQUARE 18214 D (*) To Footings METRIC 61.00 3,590.00 218,990.00 218,990.00 CUBE 1.824¢E (*) To Tie Beams METRIC 18.50 6,266.00 115,921.00 115,921.00 CUBE 1823 F (*) To External Stairs METRIC 2.00 5,299.00 10,598.00 10,598.00 CUBE Note |Note Details 1.8.24 Note |Reinforced Concrete (Substructure) 1.8.24 Note |Reinforced cast-in-place concrete with type | cement, Grade 300 including formwork, steel reinforcement, movement joints, and construction joints, concrete surface repair, water stop wherever necessary and concrete tests all as per drawings and in accordance with specifications Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.24 G {*) To Columns Neck METRIC 3.50 7,099.00 24,846.50 24,846.50 CUBE 1.82%H (*) To Shear walls Neck METRIC 1.50 8,929.00 13,393.50 13,393.50 CUBE Note |Note Details 1.8.28 Note |Reinforced Concrete (Superstructure)

LI ) o I e T L o 1.8.29 Note |Reinforced cast-in-place concrete with type | cement, Grade 300 including formwork, steel reinforcement, movement joints, and construction joints, concrete surface repair and concrete tests all as per drawings and in accordance with specifications Code |Description Unit of Quantlity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.343 ! (*) To Columns METRIC 42.00 7,150.00 300,300.00 300,300.00 CUBE 1.8.31) (*) To Shear walls METRIC 19.00 8,929.00 169,651.00 169,651.00 CUBE 1.8.34 K {*) To Slabs METRIC 154.00 4,650.00 716,100.00 716,100.00 CUBE 1.833 1L (*) To Beams METRIC 28.00 4,505.00 126,140.00 126,140.00 CUBE 1.834 M (*) To Stairs METRIC 15.00 5,299.00 79,485.00 79,485.00 CUBE Note [Note Details 1.8.34 Note |DIV 07 - THERMAL AND MOISTURE PROTECTION 1.8.3¢ Note |POLYETHYLENE SHEETS Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.837 A (*) 400 microns polyethylene film vapor | METRE 285.00 79.00 22,515.00 22,515.00 retarder placed under slab on grade SQUARE including 50 mm screed protection layer as per drawings and specifications. Note |[Note Detalils 1.8.38 Note |07141-COLD BITUMEN EMULSION T 1.8.39 Note |Cold fluid applied 3 coats bituminous i\l paints; as specified and as shown on e drawings = Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO ; Measure |/ Base Discount % - = ment Price ) ’ q 0w 1844 8B (*) for foundations, ground beams, METRE 1,050.00 54.00 56,700.00 56,700.00 x columns neck, and blockwork up to slab [SQUARE =, on grade all as per drawings and ‘ Q)J ] specifications s Note |[Note Details -: 1.8.41 Note |03 - CONCRETE WORK ._;i 1.8.44 Note |LIGHTWEIGHT CONCRETE 3" 1.8.43 Note |Cellular type lightweight concrete slope e level difference: 60 mm thickness average as per drawings, with max density 800 kg/m3 and in accordance with specifications; to Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1844 A (*) Roul METRE 168.00 167.00 28,056.00 28,056.00 SQUARE /72 Ml g

2 383 1.8.45 B (*) upper roof METRE 57.00 167.00 9,519.00 9,519.00 SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.8.44 Note |Cellulartype lightweight concrete with fixed thickness as per drawings, with max density 800 kg/m3 and in accordance with specifications; to Code |Description Unitof | Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.847C (*) Filling For internal roof annex METRE 34.50 473.00 16,318.50 16,318.50 thickness 200 mm SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.8.44 Note |04 - MASONRY 1.8.49 4810 |UNIT MASONRY ASSEMBLIES 1.8.5( Note |External & Internal Concrete blocks include sand cement grout, fixation,concrete lintels and metal lath Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.54 A (*) Hollow Concrete Masonry Units METRIC 192.00 1,432.00 274,944.00 274,944.00 (CMU); 250mm CUBE 1.8548B (*) Hollow Concrete Masonry Units METRE 500.00 242.00 121,000.00 121,000.00 (CMU); 120mm SQUARE 1.8.53 C (*) Solid Concrete Masonry Units METRIC 12.00 1,713.00 20,556.00 20,556.00 (CMU); 250 for Wet area - (1.5 m height [CUBE ) 1.8.54 D (*) Solid Concrete Masonry Units METRE 75.00 239.00 17,925.00 17,925.00 (CMU); 120 for Wet area - {1.5 m height |SQUARE ) 1.8.5% F (*) Solid Concrete Masonry Units METRIC 20.00 1,713.00 34,260.00 34,260,00 {CMU); 250mm under slab on grade CUBE 7-—-—"__'_ Note |Note Details ] 1.8.5¢ 4851 STONE CLADDING - |‘ 1.8.57 Note |external stone include , fixation £ | {machinacal / wet fixation) ,and all . \ necessary accessories; subject to : i 7 Engineer’s approval; in accordance with > 22 3 drawings and specifications b2 | © b Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO " = L2 Measure |/ Base Discount % ‘ _ j l ment Price = ) ‘.‘ - f 1.8.58 H (*) External Rough Terriesta Stone METRE 96.00 985.00 94,560.00 94,560.00 || * Cladding - Wet fixation SQUARE 3 1.8.59 | (*) External Terriesta Stone Skirting 300 | METRE 159.00 404.00 64,236.00 64,236.00 = mm Height X 20mm Thickness g """ 1.8.6( ) (*) Local Terriesta stone copping METRE 153.00 413.00 63,189.00 63,189.00 350mm X 20mm as per approved sample 1.8.61 L (*) Local Terriesta stone copping 20mm | METRE 6.00 1,132.00 6,792.00 6,792.00 thickness to cover ducts as per SQUARE approved sample Note |Note Detalls 1.8.62 Note |05 — METALS

LR N 1.8.63 Note |steel ladder painted with epoxy {delivered from factory with epoxy primer) including supports and necessary painting and accessories as specified and as shown in the drawings Code |Description Unitof | Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.64 A (*) Steel Ladder Roof & Upper Roof ITEM 3.00 11,816.00 35,448.00 35,448.00 Note |Note Details 1.8.6% 5800 |[STEEL MESH AT ROOF & UPPER ROOF 1.8.66 Note |Electrostatic painted steel insect mesh including all required fixation and all accessories to complete work according to drawings and specifications. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.69 B {*) At roof and upper roof duct METRE 3.00 1,181.00 3,543.00 3,543.00 enclosures SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.8.64 Note |07 - THERMAL AND MOISTURE PROTECTION 1.8.69 7551 |APP-MODIFIED BITUMINOUS MEMBRANE 1.8.7(] Note |Modified Bituminous Membrane; Supply and install waterproofing membrane; 4mm thick; sand cement screed with fibers , including necessary preparations and layers; fixing; and all necessary works according to drawings and specifications; to |t Code |[Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO :,“" i Measure |/ Base Discount % o . ment Price ' & ‘ 1.871 A (*) Wet areas (Toilets) METRE 72.00 222.00 15,984.00 15,984.00 ) 3 \ SQUARE | 4 1.8.74 8 (*) Terraces at ground , first and METRE 30.00 222.00 6,660.00 6,660.0d i f X enternaces SQUARE B L2 1.8.73C (*) Roof terrace METRE 168.00 222.00 37,296.00 37,296.00,|= ; } L SQUARE 3 B 1.8.74 D (*) Upper Roof METRE 57.00 222.00 12,654.00 12,654.00 SQUARE = 1875¢E {*) planter METRE 3.00 222.00 666.00 666.00 |[* SQUARE ] Note |Note Details 1.8.7¢ Note |Aluminum Louvers include frame, fixing and coating; as per drawings, and specifications. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.771 A (*) 150 mm Dia Electrostatic painted ITEM 15.00 788.00 11,820.00 11,820.00 exhaust fan aluminum louver {color Lo match adjacent walls ) for toilets and kitchen areas i e]

Note |Note Details 1.8.78 8800 |GLAZING 1.8.79 Note |12 mm Tempered laminted Glass Handrail include glass, framing, stainless steel rail 20 mm x 20 mm grade 304 and fixation; as per drawings, and specifications. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price = 1.8.80 A (*) Glass handrail 1000 mm height - METRE 30.00 6,105.00 183,150.00 183,150.00 ” HRO1 1.8.81 A (*) Glass handrail 500 mm height - HRO2| METRE 12.00 4,431.00 53,172.00 53,172.00 1.8.82 B (*) Glass handrail cut Sloped max METRE 33.00 6,203.00 204,699.00 204,699.00 1000mm height - HRO3 Note |Note Details 1.8.83 Note |09 - FINISHES 1.8.84 9220 |PLASTER 1.8.89 Note |Sand cement plaster include all materials, metal lath, and accessories; to Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.8¢4 A (*} Walls : interior METRE 1,005.00 122.00 122,610.00 122,610.00 SQUARE 18871 B (*) Ceiling : interior METRE 495.00 122.00 60,390.00 60,390.00 SQUARE 1.8.84 C (*) Walls : exterior METRE 1,269.00 156.00 197,964.00 197,964.00 SQUARE 1.8.89 D (*) Ceiling : exterior METRE 33.00 156.00 5,148.00 5,148.00 SQUARE 1.8.9( E (*) Cementitious Waterproofing : color | METRE 87.00 155.00 13,485.00 13,485.00 as per drawings SQUARE Note |[Note Details -1 1.8.9]§ 9400 |CEMENT TILES Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO " Measure |/ Base Discount % i ment Price Wl 1.8934F (*} Cement Tiles at upper roof roofs METRE 57.00 246.00 14,022.00 14,022.00 ' |' 4 SQUARE g v b 1893 G (*) Cement Skirting 200mm height at | METRE 54.00 59.00 3,186.00 3,186.00 || upper roof 2 ] . ‘{ Note |Note Details 5 < | 1.8.94 Note [PAINTING - 3 1.8.95 Note |External high quality pure acrylic g emulsion paint ; Lflj e Jotun (jota shieled decor high build = fine) 1 coat. e Or approved equal Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure [/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.9¢ A (*) Elevations & Ceiling - White Color METRE 165.00 155.00 25,575.00 25,575.00 SQUARE 1.89%8B (*) Elevations & Ceiling - Beige Color METRE 1,104.00 153.00 168,912.00 168,912.00 SQUARE Note |[Note Details 1.8.98 Note ELECTRICAL .-~ |[MTEC

LA E. . o T il s i 1.8.99 Note |Empty Conduits Branch 1.8.1( Note |Supply and install branch empty conduits with nylon rope including conduits filling back to panel or second outlet or related switch and all necessary accessories and fittings for power, lighting and low current systems, and to complete the work as shown on the drawings and indicated in the technical specifications 1.8.1q0 Note |Lighting Outlets Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.14 A (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 189.00 199.00 37,611.00 37,611.00 lighting outlets Note |Note Detalls 1.8.1(] Note |Lighting Switches Outlet Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.1( B (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 36.00 119.00 4,284.00 4,284.00 one way one gang lighting switches outlet 1.8.14 C (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 15.00 123.00 1,845.00 1,845.00 one way two gang lighting switches outlet 1.8.14 D (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 12.00 111.00 1,332.00 1,332.00 one way three gang lighting switches outlet 1.8.1Q E (*} @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 48.00 157.00 7,536.00 7,536.00 two way one gang lighting switches outlet Note |Note Details 1.8.1Q Note |Socket outlets . Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO . S Measure |/ Base Discount % = ment Price ;§ i -G 1.8.14 F (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 21.00 305.00 6,405.00 6,405.00 & = s Fan socket with indicator lamp 47 including fan switch outlet B | 3 b 1.8.11 G (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 123.00 180.00 22,140.00 22,140.00 * 3 single socket outlet, 16A = l 1 1.8.11 H (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 21.00 180.00 3,780.00 3,780.00 3 = single socket outlet, 16A, W/P 1 i - \ 1.8.11 | (*) @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 21.00 363.00 7,623.00 7,623.00 || | 7 . power socket outlet ."5 1.8.19) (*) @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 9.00 363.00 3,267.00 3,267.00 '35 EWH socket outlet 1 Note |Note Details 1.8.11 Note |Circuit and Motor Disconnects Outlets Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.115 (*) @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 30.00 565.00 16,950.00 16,950.00 SPU Isolator outlet and for direct connection of SPU outlet 7 == R A2 S 8 Fesd

" LI RN 1.8.11 (*) @ 32mm UPVC empty conduit for Swimming Pool outlet NUMBER 3.00 631.00 1,893.00 1,893.00 Note Note Details 1.8.11 Note Miscellaneous Code Description Unit of Measure ment Quantity / Base Price Unit Price / Discount % Total TCO 1.8.11 (*) @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for car gate including back boxes and all related works. METRE 45.00 38.00 1,710.00 1,710.00 1.8.11 (*) @ 25 mm UPVC empty conduits for fence & garden lighting including all related works. METRE 45.00 38.00 1,710.00 1,710.00 1.8.12 (*) @ 25 mm UPVC empty conduits to feed MIC on fence including all related works. METRE 45.00 38.00 1,710.00 1,710.00 1.8.12 (*) 50 mm empty UPVC conduit from MDB location at ground floor to DB-F location at first floor METRE 24.00 80.00 1,920.00 1,920.00 1.8.12 (*) @ 50 mm UPVC empty conduits to enclose power cable from main distribution board to KWHM & external panel including all related works. METRE 45.00 69.00 3,105.00 3,105.00 1.8.1% (*) @ 20 mm UPVC empty conduits to enclose earthing cable including all related works. METRE 45.00 32.00 1,440.00 1,440.00 1.8.12 (*} Supplying, installing, connecting fiber opticable BOX on fence as indicated on the drawings including fittings,cover, 2 inch UPVC HEAVY GAUGE CONDUIT and all anciflary works for complete installation as per drawing and specification NUMBER 3.00 1,459.00 4,377.00 4,377.00 Note Note Details 1.8.12 Note Cabling 1.8.12 Note Supply, install, connect, test and commission the following main feeder power cable (copper cables) as specified and indicated on drawings including all necessary accessories and fittings Code Description Unit of Measure ment Quantity / Base Price Unit Price / Discount % Total TCO 1.8.12 (*) (3 x35)+16 mm2 PVC/CU/PVC METRE 45.00 1,098.00 49,410.00 49,410.00 1.8.12 (*) 1 x 16 mm2 PVC/CU/PVC for Earthing METRE 45.00 114.00 5,130.00 5,130.00 Note Note Details 1.8.12 Note Intercom System 1.8.13 Note Supply and install outlet empty boxes for Home intercom units and main intercom unit including 20mm dia UPVC conduits provided with nylon rope inside completed with all necessary accessories and fittings from main unit to home intercom unit all as specified and indicated on drawings el L1 = s Y - " - \", «.u.‘du je] POARY aalul

Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.13 U (*) for Home Intercom outlet NUMBER 9.00 314.00 2,826.00 2,826.00 1.8.13 V (*) for Main Intercom outlet on fence NUMBER 3.00 394.00 1,182.00 1,182.00 Note |Note Details 1.8.13 Note |IP System Lo ) Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.13 W (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for IP | NUMBER 45.00 394.00 17,730.00 17,730.00 outlet 1.8.13 X (*) HMDI! empty back box at 120 mc NUMBER 3.00 333.00 999.00 999.00 connected to HMDI empty back box at 30 cm through @ 32 empty conduit 1.8.13Y (*) IP RACK EMPTY BACK BOX NUMBER 3.00 448.00 1,344.00 1,344.00 Note |Note Details 1.8.14 Note |EARTHING SYSTEM 1.8.19 Note |Supply, install, test, connect, complete earthing system including excavation , backfilling , earthing pits, earth continuity conductors, clamps, test link and all connections to earth bar to achieve resistance as specified in the technical specifications and indicated and shown on drawings. and all necessary accessories, required to complete the work. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.132 (*) Allowance for Power Earthing Lump 3.00 17,861.00 53,583.00 53,583 system to achieve maximum earthing [Sum resistance of 2 ohm ( ONE FOR EACH VILLA) Note |Note Details 1.8.14 Note |KWHM Empty ENCLOSURE Code [Description Unitof | Quantity | UnitPrice/ Total TCO % Measure |/ Base Discount % = ment Price i i 1.8.14 AA (*) Supply install empty KWHM NUMBER 3.00 3,950.00 11,850.00 11,850.08-f—" enclosure on fence including C.B Note |Note Details 1.8.14 Note |Lighting Fixture 1.8.14 Note |installing Lighting fixtures (without wiring) according to drawings and specifications Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.14 AB (*) Type L11 NUMBER 36.00 55.00 1,980.00 1,980.00 Note |Note Details 1.8.14 Note |15MECHANICAL 1.8.14 15.1 Domestic Water Supply System

1.8.14 15.1.1 |Supplying, installing, connecting, and testing polypropylene piping systems(PN10) for domestic cold water above ground, complete, including all fittings, sleeves, supports, hangers and inserts, Dia. of pipes inner Dia., all as specified as showni Code |Description Unit of Quantlty Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.14 {*) 20mm inner Dia. METRE 10.00 93.00 930.00 930.00 15.1.1. 1 1.8.14 {*) 25mm inner Dia. METRE 20.00 123.00 2,460.00 2,460.00 15.1.1. 2 1.8.18 {*) 32mm inner Dia. METRE 10.00 177.00 1,770.00 1,770.00 15.1.1. 3 1.8.15 (*) 40mm inner Dia. METRE 10.00 246.00 2,460.00 2,460.00 15.1.1. 4 Note |Note Detalls 1.8.14 15.1.2 [Supplying, installing, connecting and testing polypropylene piping systems(PN16) for domestic cold water underground ,complete, including all fittings complete including but not limited to pipes, fittings & couplings, supports, inserts, PVC sleeves,excavation, back filling, including but not limited to lateral & longitudinal bracings and all other accessories as especified and as shown == Al Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO \ * Measure |/ Base Discount % i ment Price “ 1.8.14 (*) 25mm inner Dia, METRE 25.00 142.00 3,550.00 3,550.0-}) 15.1.1. 1 1 \ 1.8.15 (*) 32mm inner Dia. METRE 20.00 192.00 3,840.00 3,840.0 15.1.1. 2 1.8.15 (*) 40mm inner Dia. METRE 10.00 251.00 2,510.00 2,510.00 l : 15.1.1. 3 1.8.149 (*) 50mm inner Dia. METRE 45.00 352.00 15,840.00 15,840.00 | 15.1.1. 4 1.8.14 15.1.2 |(*) Supplying and installing water meter | NUMBER 3.00 5,812.00 17,436.00 17,436.00 Plastic chamber complete with all piping, fittings,Valves, GRP Cover, PC base, Plastering, waterproof paint and as per specifications and drawings (water meter out of scope)(50mm inner Dia.) 1.8.15 15.1.3 [(*) Supplying and installing@ 25 mm NUMBER 3.00 1,181.00 3,543.00 3,543.00 Irrigation Valve Box with Isolating Valve for Garden —

aaE I T e Note |Note Details 1.8.19 15.2 Drainage System 1.8.16 15.2.1 |Supply, install, connect and test all soil, waste, storm and vent (UPVC) PN.6 vertical & horizontal piping system above ground piping complete including roof vent caps, couplings, supports, hangers, and all other accessories as specified and as shown on drawings. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.16 {*) 32mm Dia. Piping METRE 30.00 92.00 2,760.00 2,760.00 15.2.1. 1 1.8.14 {*) 50 mm Dia. Piping METRE 75.00 133.00 9,975.00 9,975.00 15.2.1. 2 1.8.14 (*) 75 mm Dia. Piping METRE 75.00 188.00 14,100.00 14,100.00 15.2.1. 3 1.8.16 (*) 110 mm Dia. Piping METRE 30.00 327.00 9,810.00 9,810.00 15.2.1. 4 Note |Note Detalils 1.8.16 15.2.2 [Supplying, installing, connecting and testing UPVC (PN 10} for underground dainage piping systems , complete including but not limited to pipes,excavation and back-filling, fittings & couplings, concrete encasement, and all other accessories as especified and as shown on drawings. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO q Measure |/Base Discount % n ment Price \ _1 1.8.16 (*) 50 mm Dia. Piping METRE 45.00 154.00 6,930.00 6,930.00' o s 15.2.2. 5 1.8.14 (*) 75 mm Dia. Piping METRE 9.00 239.00 2,151.00 2,151.00 || = 3 15.2.2. . 2 1.8.14 (*} 110 mm Dia. Piping METRE 90.00 422.00 37,980.00 37,980.001 o I\ 15.2.2. =2 \ 4 | 3 Note |Note Details E‘—’" 1.8.1¢ 15.2.3 |Supplying, installing, connecting, and = il testing all Floor cleanout, complete including, gratings, covers and traps all as specified and as shown on drawings Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price

£ L 1.8.17 (*) FCO - 110 mm Dia. NUMBER 6.00 941.00 5,646.00 5,646.00 15.2.3. 1 Note |Note Details 1.8.17 15.2.4 |Supplying, installing, connecting, and testing all roof drains and planter drains complete including, gratings, covers and traps all as specified and as shown on drawings Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.17 (*) SRD-75 mm Dia. NUMBER 6.00 689.00 4,134.00 4,134.00 15.2.4. 1 1.8.17 15.2.5 |(*) Supplying, installing, connecting, and | NUMBER 4.00 1,034.00 4,136.00 4,136.00 testing relief valves (automatic air vent) 25 mm Dia. complete with all accessories and fittings as specified . 1.8.17 15.2.6 |(*) Supplying, installing, connecting and | NUMBER 3.00 1,969.00 5,907.00 5,907.00 testing of Gully trap complete with tight cover including heavy duty grating and frame and all other accessories all as specifications and as shown on drawings . Note |Note Details 1.8.17 15.3 HVAC WORKS 1.8.17 NOTE [Supply, install, connect and test PVC conduit including sleeves for RF pipes Code [Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.8.14 15.3.1 |(*) 90 mm Dia. METRE 45.00 174.00 7,830.00 7,830,00 1.9 UV-4PLEX 6,390,910.00 33,345,4ea$ Note |Note Details £k 1.9.1 | Note |DIV 02 - EARTHWORK | 1.9.2 [ Note [Soil Tests g Code [Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO | o Measure |/ Base Discount % = ment Price \ = @ | & 193 |A (*) Complete geotechnical investigation | NUMBER 1.00 2,961.00 2,961.00 17,766:‘@ i as per Egyptian code requirements and | consultant recommendation rate ! includes full report and LA recommendations for one boreholes i with 15m depth § A 194 |8 (*) Complete geotechnical investigation | NUMBER 1.00 1,969.00 1,969.00 11,814.60 as per Egyptian code requirements and consultant recommendation rate includes full report and recommendations for one boreholes with 10m depth Note |Note Detalls 1.9.5 | Note |02300 - EARTHWORK ot P

Code Description Unit of Measure ment Quantity / Base Price Unit Price / Discount % Total TCO 1.9.6 (*) Excavation in sand soil down to required foundation level including supporting sides of excavation with safe and proper method, shoring, dewatering and compaction of excavated bottom, the price shall include disposal of excavated materials off site to approved area.( based on Engineer instruction ) METRIC CUBE 950.00 44.00 41,800.00 250,800.00 1.9.7 (*) Excavation in clay soil down to required foundation level including supporting sides of excavation with safe and proper method, shoring, dewatering and compaction of excavated bottom, the price shall include disposal of excavated materials off site to approved area.{ based on Engineer instruction ) METRIC CUBE 100.00 59.00 5,900.00 35,400.00 19.8 (*) Backfill using suitable imported approved materials as recommended in soil report; lay on 25cm thick. for each layer Including compaction up to 95% of dry density all as per specifications. METRIC CUBE 700.00 171.00 119,700.00 718,200.00 (*) Backfill using selected excavated materials as recommended in soil report; lay on 25cm thick. for each layer Including compaction up to 95% of dry density all as per specifications. METRIC CUBE 350.00 69.00 24,150.00 144,900.00 1.9.10 (*) Soil Replacement/Engineering fill 1m thick. (if required by geotechnical report's recommendations) using suitable imported approved well graded, clean sand below foundation level, lay on 25cm thick. for each layer Including compaction up to 95% of dry density all as per specifications METRIC CUBE 1,000.00 171.00 171,000.00 1,026,000.00 Note Note Details 1.9.11 Note DIV 03 - CONCRETE 1.9.12 Note 03300 - CAST-IN-PLACE CONCRETE 19.13 Note For all concrete work, rate includes form work, steel reinforcement, chairs, spacer, mechanical vibration, concrete joints and curing all concrete works are ready mixed concrete by required strength 1.9.14 Note Plain Concrete (Substructure) 1.9.14 Note Supply, place, finish, cure and test of plain castin-place concrete with specified cement Grade 200, as per drawings and in accordance with specifications.

Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.14 A (*) Below footings . METRIC 79.00 1,424.00 112,496.00 674,976.00 CUBE 1.9.19 8B (*) 100mm thick under ground beams METRE 90.00 148.00 13,320.00 79,920.00 SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.9.14 Note |Reinforced Concrete (Substructure) 1.9.19 Note |Reinforced cast-in-place concrete with type | cement, Grade 250 including formwork, steel reinforcement, movement joints, and construction joints, concrete surface repair, water stop wherever necessary and concrete tests all as per drawings and in accordance with specifications Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 19.24 C {*) To Slab on Grade, 125 mm thickness | METRE 380.00 349.00 132,620.00 795,720.00 reinforced with mesh 5T10/m . SQUARE 1.9.24 D (*) To Footings METRIC 81.50 3,750.00 305,625.00 1,833,750.00 CUBE 1924 E (*) To Tie Beams METRIC 24.00 6,514.00 156,336.00 938,016.00 CUBE 1.9.23 F (*) To External Stairs METRIC 3.00 5,185.00 15,555.00 93,330.00 CUBE Note |Note Details 1.9.24 Note |Reinforced Concrete (Substructure) 1.9.29 Note [Reinforced cast-in-place concrete with type | cement, Grade 300 including formwork, steel reinforcement, movement joints, and construction joints, concrete surface repair, water stop wherever necessary and concrete tests all as per drawings and in accordance with specifications Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 19.24G (*) To Columns Neck METRIC 5.00 7,235.00 36,175.00 217,050.00 CUBE 1.9.27H (*) To Shear walls Neck METRIC 2.00 9,477.00 18,954.00 113,724.00 CUBE Note |Note Details 1.9.28 Note [Reinforced Concrete {Superstructure) 1.9.29 Note [Reinforced cast-in-place concrete with type | cement, Grade 300 including formwork, steel reinforcement, movement joints, and construction joints, concrete surface repair and concrete tests all as per drawings and in accordance with specifications

= Em = == o7 o b E & = Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.34 1 (*) To Columns METRIC 56.00 7,350.00 411,600.00 2,469,600.00 CUBE 1.9.33J (*) To Shear walls METRIC 25.00 9,477.00 236,925.00 1,421,550.00 CUBE 1.9.32 K (*) To Slabs METRIC 207.00 4,980.00 1,030,860.00 6,185,160.00 CUBE 19331 (*) To Beams METRIC 37.00 4,975.00 184,075.00 1,104,450.00 CUBE 1934 M (*) To Stairs METRIC 20.00 5,299.00 105,980.00 635,880.00 CUBE Note |Note Details 1.9.34 Note [DIV 07 - THERMAL AND MOISTURE PROTECTION 1.9.36 Note |POLYETHYLENE SHEETS Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.37 A (*) 400 microns polyethylene film vapor | METRE 380.00 79.00 30,020.00 180,120.00 retarder placed under slab on grade SQUARE including 50 mm screed protection layer as per drawings and specifications. Note |Note Details 1.9.34 Note |07141-COLD BITUMEN EMULSION 1.9.39 Note |Cold fluid applied 3 coats bituminous paints; as specified and as shown on drawings Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.4( B {*) for foundations, ground beams, METRE 1,400.00 54.00 75,600.00 453,600.00 columns neck, and blockwork up to slab [SQUARE on grade all as per drawings and specifications Note |Note Detalls 1.9.41 Note |03 - CONCRETE WORK 1.9.424 3521 |LIGHTWEIGHT CONCRETE —— 1.9.43 Note |Cellular type lightweight concrete slope W N UAM\ ‘*sJ"" level difference: 60 Jm*““-’ *'Pm 4 " mm thickness average as per drawings, Jo ,r!u‘ [ with max density 800 kg/m3 and in accordance with specifications; to ) T S e [ e \ ] Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure [/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.44 A (*) Roof METRE 224.00 167.00 37,408.00 224,448.00 SQUARE 1.9.498 (*) upper roof METRE 76.00 167.00 12,692.00 76,152.00 SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.9.4¢f Note |Cellular type lightweight concrete with fixed thickness as per drawings, with max density 800 kg/m3 and in accordance with spacifications; to

M ad == LM g o L e L L Y £’ b 3 Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.43 C (*) Filling For internal roof annex METRE 46.00 473.00 21,758.00 130,548.00 thickness 200 mm SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.9.44 Note |04 - MASONRY 1.9.49 4810 |UNIT MASONRY ASSEMBLIES 1.9.5(] Note |External & Internal Concrete blocks include sand cement grout, fixation,concrete lintels and metal lath Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1951 A (*) Hollow Concrete Masonry Units METRIC 256.00 1,432.00 366,592.00 2,199,552.00 (CMU); 250mm CUBE 19548 (*) Hollow Concrete Masonry Units METRE 667.00 242.00 161,414.00 968,484.00 (CMU); 120mm SQUARE 1.9.5§ C (*) Solid Concrete Masonry Units METRIC 16.00 1,713.00 27,408.00 164,448.00 (CMU); 250 for Wet area - (1.5 m height [CUBE ) 1.9.54 D (*) Solid Concrete Masonry Units METRE 100.00 239.00 23,900.00 143,400.00 (CMU); 120 for Wet area - (1.5 m height |[SQUARE ) 1.9.59 F (*) Solid Concrete Masonry Units METRIC 27.00 1,713.00 46,251.00 277,506.00 (CMU); 250mm under slab on grade CUBE Note |Note Detalls 1.9.5¢ 4851 STONE CLADDING 1.9.57 Note |external stone include , fixation (machinacal / wet fixation) ,and all necessary accessories; subject to Engineer’s approval; in accordance with drawings and specifications Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.958 H (*) External Rough Terriesta Stone METRE 128.00 985.00 126,080.00 756,480.00 Cladding - Wet fixation SQUARE 1.9.59 | (*) External Terriesta Stone Skirting 300 | METRE 212.00 404.00 85,648.00 513,888.00 mm Height X 20mm Thickness 1.9.6¢ (*) Local Terriesta stone copping METRE 204.00 413.00 84,252.00 505,512.00 350mm X 20mm as per approved sample 1.9.6] L (*) Local Terriesta stone copping 20mm | METRE 8.00 1,132.00 9,056.00 54,336.00 thickness to cover ducts as per SQUARE approved sample Note |Note Detalls 1.9.63 Note |05 — METALS 1.9.63 Note [steel ladder painted with epoxy (delivered from factory with epoxy primer) including supports and necessary painting and accessories as specified and as shown in the drawings Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.64 A (*) Steel Ladder Roof & Upper Roof ITEM 4.00 11,816.00 47,264.00 283,584.00 ‘Note |Note Details R [’—L’ TE?‘;CTs

1.9.65 5800 |STEEL MESH AT ROOF & UPPER ROOF 1.9.64 Note |Electrostatic painted steel insect mesh including all required fixation and all accessories to complete work according to drawings and specifications. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.67 B (*) At roof and upper roof duct METRE 4.00 1,181.00 4,724.00 28,344.00 enclosures SQUARE Note [Note Detalls 1.9.64 Note |07 - THERMAL AND MOISTURE PROTECTION 1.9.69 7551 |APP-MODIFIED BITUMINOUS MEMBRANE 1.9.7(0 Note |Modified Bituminous Membrane; Supply and install waterproofing membrane; 4mm thick; sand cement screed with fibers , including necessary preparations and layers; fixing; and all necessary works according to drawings and specifications; to Code |[Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1974 A (*) Wet areas (Toilets) METRE 96.00 222.00 21,312.00 127,872.00 SQUARE 19748 (*) Terraces at ground , first and METRE 40.00 222.00 8,880.00 53,280.00 enternaces SQUARE 1.9.73 C (*) Roof terrace METRE 224.00 222.00 49,728.00 298,368.00 SQUARE 1.9.74 D (*) Upper Roof METRE 76.00 222.00 16,872.00 101,232.00 SQUARE 1979 E (*) planter METRE 4.00 222.00 888.00 5,328.00 SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.9.7¢4 Note |Aluminum Louvers include frame, fixing and coating; as per drawings, and specifications. Code |[Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1974 A {*) 150 mm Dia Electrostatic painted ITEM 20.00 788.00 15,760.00 94,560.00 exhaust fan aluminum louver {color to match adjacent walls ) for toilets and /m kitchen areas e =‘g:s‘,_\ Cpp M Note |Note Details J\A,{mj‘j o W 1.9.7§ 8800 |GLAZING \ : i .ad\} i 1.9.79 Note |12 mm Tempered laminted Glass s Handrail include glass, framing, stainless . ’3},45\;,_‘?_"_\"_/ steel rail 20 mm x 20 mm grade 304 and S fixation; as per drawings, and S specifications. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price o ‘-": B

=E = = = 3 Eela 1.9.80 A (*) Glass handrail 1000 mm height - METRE 40.00 6,105.00 244,200.00 1,465,200.00 HRO1 1.9.81 B (*) Glass handrail 500 mm height - HRO2 [ METRE 16.00 4,431.00 70,896.00 425,376.00 1.9.84 C (*) Glass handrail cut Sloped max METRE 44,00 6,203.00 272,932.00 1,637,592.00 1000mm height - HRO3 Note [Note Details 1.9.83 Note |09 - FINISHES 1.9.84 9220 |PLASTER 1.9.84 Note [Sand cement plaster include all materials, metal lath, and accessories; to Code |[Description Unit of Quantity Unlt Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.8¢ A (*) Walls : interior METRE 1,340.00 122.00 163,480.00 980,880.00 SQUARE 1.9.87 B (*) Ceiling : interior METRE 660.00 122.00 80,520.00 483,120.00 SQUARE 1.9.84 C (*) Walls : exterior METRE 1,692.00 156.00 263,952.00 1,583,712.00 SQUARE 1.9.89 D (*) Ceiling : exterior METRE 44.00 156.00 6,864.00 41,184.00 SQUARE 1.9.90 E (*) Cementitious Waterproofing : color | METRE 116.00 155.00 17,980.00 107,880.00 as per drawings SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.9.91] 9400 |CEMENT TILES Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.94 F (*) Cement Tiles at upper roof roofs METRE 76.00 246.00 18,696.00 112,176.00 SQUARE 1.9.93G (*) Cement Skirting 200mm height at METRE 72.00 59.00 4,248.00 25,488.00 upper roof Note |Note Details 1.9.94 9900 |[PAINTING 1.9.95 Note |External high quality pure acrylic emulsion paint ; e Jotun (jota shieled decor high build fine) 1 coat. e Or approved equal Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.94 A (*) Elevations & Ceiling - White Color METRE 220.00 155.00 34,100.00 204,600.00 SQUARE 1997 B (*) Elevations & Ceiling - Beige Color METRE 1,472.00 153.00 225,216.00 1,351,296.00 SQUARE Note |Note Details 1.9.94 Note ELECTRICAL 1.9.99 Note |Empty Conduits Branch 1.9.1¢] Note [Supply and install branch empty conduits with nylon rope including conduits filling back to panel or second outlet or related switch and all necessary accessories and fittings for power, lighting and low current systems, and to complete the work as shown on the drawings and indicated in the technical specifications | = = fi‘.;,\ L SN h!.m e TR = adlt 4t u‘! 5 oy

1.9.1( Note |Lighting Outlets Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.14 A (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 252.00 199.00 50,148.00 300,888.00 lighting outlets Note |Note Details 1.9.1d Note |Lighting Switches Outlet Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.14 8 (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 48.00 119.00 5,712.00 34,272.00 one way one gang lighting switches outlet 19.14 C (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 20.00 123.00 2,460.00 14,760.00 one way two gang lighting switches outlet 1.9.14D (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 16.00 111.00 1,776.00 10,656.00 one way three gang lighting switches outlet 1.9.14 E (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 64.00 157.00 10,048.00 60,288.00 two way one gang lighting switches outlet Note |Note Details 1.9.1(] Note |Socket outlets Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 19.14 F (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 28.00 305.00 8,540.00 51,240.00 Fan socket with indicator lamp including fan switch outlet 19.11G (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 164.00 180.00 29,520.00 177,120.00 single socket outlet, 16A 19.114H (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 28.00 180.00 5,040.00 30,240.00 single socket outlet, 16A, W/P 1.9.11 | (*) @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 28.00 363.00 10,164.00 60,984.00 power socket outlet 1.9.13) {(*) @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 12.00 363.00 4,356.00 26,136.00 EWH socket outlet Note |Note Details BRSPS *-"‘“"""r . __m.T 1.9.11 Note |Circuit and Motor Disconnects Outlets Lasieandl ) ‘\““"m )_}_;.:‘\‘ W ‘] : n e Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unlt Price / Total * ~Tco Measure |/ Base Discount % - ’3)‘-“‘« . J"-._ ment Price e 1.9.11 k (*) @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 40.00 565.00 22,600.00 135,600.00 SPU Isolator outlet and for direct connection of SPU outlet 1.9.11 K (*) @ 32mm UPVC empty conduit for NUMBER 4.00 631.00 2,524.00 15,144.00 Swimming Pool outlet Note |Note Detalls 1.9.1] Note |Miscellaneous Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.11 L (*) @ 25mm UPVC empty conduit for car| METRE 60.00 38.00 2,280.00 13,680.00 gate including back boxes and all related works. e TS

E= e £ 2 S 1.9.14 ™M (*) @ 25 mm UPVC empty conduits for | METRE 60.00 38.00 2,280.00 13,680.00 fence & garden lighting including all related works. 1.9.12 N (*) @ 25 mm UPVC empty conduits to METRE 60.00 38.00 2,280.00 13,680.00 feed MIC on fence including all related works. 1.9.140 {*) 50 mm empty UPVC conduit from METRE 32.00 80.00 2,560.00 15,360.00 MDB location at ground floor to DBF location at first floor R RAR 1.9.14P (*) @ 50 mm UPVC empty conduits to METRE 60.00 69.00 4,140.00 24,840.00 enclose power cable from main distribution board to KWHM & external panel including all related works. 19.14 Q (*) @ 20 mm UPVC empty conduits to METRE 60.00 32.00 1,920.00 11,520.00 enclose earthing cable including all related works. 1.9.12 R {*) Supplying, installing, connecting NUMBER 4.00 1,459.00 5,836.00 35,016.00 fiber opticable BOX on fence as indicated on the drawings including fittings,cover, 2 inch UPVC HEAVY GAUGE CONDUIT and all ancillary works for complete installation as per drawing and specification Note |Note Details 1.9.121 Note |Cabling 1.9.14 Note |Supply, install, connect, test and commission the following main feeder power cable (copper cables) as specified and indicated on drawings including all necessary accessories and fittings Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.14 S {*) (3 x35)+16 mm2 PVC/CU/PVC METRE 60.00 1,098.00 65,880.00 395,280.00 1.9.14T {*) 1x 16 mm2 PVC/CU/PVC for METRE 60.00 114.00 6,840.00 41,040.00 Earthing Note |Note Details 1.9.12 Note _|Intercom System 1.9.14 Note |Supply and install outlet empty boxes for Home intercom units and main 3.5 » intercom unit including 20mm dia UPVC b i o u"‘\"":“ Vg conduits provided with nylon rope JL&AM“!U 2 - " inside completed with all necessary ' o ‘3&‘\, = accessories and fittings from main unit 3 to home intercom unit all as specified . ,fi)..n'll, ! :__:: i - and indicated on drawings e e Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unlt Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.13 U (*) for Home Intercom outlet NUMBER 12.00 314.00 3,768.00 22,608.00 1.9.13 VvV (*) for Main Intercom outlet on fence NUMBER 4.00 394.00 1,576.00 9,456.00 Note |Note Details 1.9.13 Note IP System Code |Description Unlt of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price el é’_’-o

& Lan 1.9.13 W (*) @ 20mm UPVC empty conduit for IP | NUMBER 60.00 394.00 23,640.00 141,840.00 outlet 1.9.13 X (*) HMDI empty back box at 120 mc NUMBER 4.00 333.00 1,332.00 7,992.00 connected to HMDI empty back box at 30 cm through @ 32 empty conduit 1.9.13Y (*) IP RACK EMPTY BACK BOX NUMBER 4.00 448.00 1,792.00 10,752.00 Note |Note Details 1.9.13 Note |EARTHING SYSTEM 1.9.13 Note |Supply, install, test, connect, complete earthing system including excavation , backfilling , earthing pits, earth continuity conductors, clamps, test link and all connections to earth bar to achieve resistance as specified in the technical specifications and indicated and shown on drawings. and all necessary accessories, required to complete the work. Code |[Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.132 (*) Allowance for Power Earthing Lump 4.00 17,861.00 71,444.00 428,664.00 system to achieve maximum earthing |Sum resistance of 2 ohm (ONE FOR EACH VILLA) Note |Note Details 1.9.14 Note |KWHM Empty ENCLOSURE Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.14 AA (*) Supply install empty KWHM NUMBER 4.00 3,950.00 15,800.00 94,800.00 enclosure on fence including C.B Note |Note Details 1.9.14 Note |Lighting Fixture 1.9.14 Note |installing Lighting fixtures (without wiring) according to drawings and specifications Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.14 AB (*) Type L11 NUMBER 48.00 55.00 2,640.00 15,840.00 Note |Note Details 1.9.14 Note |15MECHANICAL 1.9.14 15.1 |Domestic Water Supply System 1.9.14 15.1.1 |Supplying, installing, connecting, and testing polypropylene piping _—_____..—-— " systems(PN10) for domestic cold water o _,._—W,Efl""' .5‘\ (A U..ll.uh“ uJ above ground, complete, including all " ‘) ey IR R S 3 fittings, sleeves, supports, hangers and " RO inserts, Dia. of pipes inner Dia., all as ~ il | specified as shown \ . J) ;i‘_-‘i'_'______ Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price )

. . . . aw 1.9.14 (*) 20mm inner Dia. METRE 10.00 93.00 930.00 5,580.00 15.1.1, 1 1.9.14 (*) 25mm inner Dia. METRE 30.00 123.00 3,690.00 22,140.00 15.1.1. 2 1.9.19 (*) 32mm inner Dia. METRE 20.00 177.00 3,540.00 21,240.00 15.1.1. 3 1.9.15 (*) 40mm inner Dia. METRE 10.00 246.00 2,460.00 14,760.00 15.1.1. 4 Note |Note Details 1.9.14 15.1.2 |Supplying, installing, connecting and testing polypropylene piping systems(PN16) for domestic cold water underground ,complete, including all fittings complete including but not limited to pipes, fittings & couplings, supports, inserts, PVC sleeves,excavation, back filling, including but not limited to lateral & longitudinal bracings and all other accessories as especified and as shown Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.14 (*) 25mm inner Dia. METRE 30.00 142.00 4,260.00 25,560.00 15.1.1. 1 1.9.19 (*) 32mm inner Dia. METRE 20.00 192.00 3,840.00 23,040.00 15.1.1. 2 1.9.15 (*) 40mm inner Dia. METRE 10.00 251.00 2,510.00 15,060.00 15.1.1. 3 1.9.15 (*) 50mm inner Dia. METRE 60.00 352.00 21,120.00 126,720.00 15.1.1. 4 1.9.14 15.1.2 |{*) Supplying and installing water meter | NUMBER 4.00 5,812.00 23,248.00 139,488.00 Plastic chamber complete with all piping, fittings,Valves, GRP Cover, PC base, Plastering, waterproof paint and as per specifications and drawings (water meter out of scope)(50mm inner Dia.) 1.9.19 15.1.3 |(*) Supplying and installing@ 25 mm NUMBER 4.00 1,181.00 4,724.00 28,344.00 Irrigation Valve Box with Isolating Valve for Garden Note |Nota Detalls 1.9.1415.2 |Drainage System 1.9.14 15.2.1 (Supply, install, connect and test all soil, waste, storm and vent (UPVC) PN.6 vertical & horizontal piping system s above ground piping complete including el 1 T I ) () u--‘"fl"‘“ A8 = roof vent caps, couplings, supports, Jw"‘“;\ . e " hangers, and all other accessories as specified and as shown on drawings.

e mel 2b Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unlt Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.14 (*) 32mm Dia. Piping METRE 40.00 92.00 3,680.00 22,080.00 15.2.1. 1 1.9.14 (*) 50 mm Dia. Piping METRE 100.00 133.00 13,300.00 79,800.00 15.2.1. 2 1.9.14 (*) 75 mm Dia. Piping METRE 100.00 188.00 18,800.00 112,800.00 15.2.1. 3 1.9.1¢ (*) 110 mm Dia. Piping METRE 40.00 327.00 13,080.00 78,480.00 15.2.1. 4 Note |Note Details 1.9.14 15.2.2 |Supplying, installing, connecting and testing UPVC (PN 10) for underground dainage piping systems , complete including but not limited to pipes,excavation and back-filling, fittings & couplings, concrete encasement, and all other accessories as especified and as shown on drawings. Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.14 {*) 50 mm Dia. Piping METRE 60.00 154.00 9,240.00 55,440.00 15.2.2. 2 1.9.14 (*) 75 mm Dia. Piping METRE 12.00 239.00 2,868.00 17,208.00 15.2.2. 3 1.9.14 (*} 110 mm Dia. Piping METRE 120.00 422.00 50,640.00 303,840.00 15.2.2. 4 Note |Note Details 1.9.1¢ 15.2.3 |Supplying, installing, connecting, and testing all Floor cleanout, complete including, gratings, covers and traps all as specified and as shown on drawings Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.17 (*) FCO - 110 mm Dia. NUMBER 8.00 941.00 7,528.00 45,168.00 15.2.3. 1 Note |Note Detalls 1.9.17 15.2.4 |Supplying, installing, connecting, and testing all roof drains and planter drains complete including, gratings, covers and traps all as specified and as shown on drawings 7

| - S— - Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.17 (*) SRD-75 mm Dia. NUMBER 8.00 689.00 5,512.00 33,072.00 15.2.4. 1 1.9.17 15.2.5 |(*) Supplying, installing, connecting, and| NUMBER 4.00 1,034.00 4,136.00 24,816.00 testing relief valves (automatic air vent) 25 mm Dia. complete with all accessories and fittings as specitied . 1.9.17 15.2.6 |{*) Supplying, installing, connecting and | NUMBER 4.00 1,969.00 7,876.00 47,256.00 testing of Gully trap complete with tight cover including heavy duty grating and frame and all other accessories all as specifications and as shown on drawings . Note |Note Detalls 1.9.17% 15.3 HVAC WORKS 1.9.17 NOTE |Supply, install, connect and test PVC conduit including sleeves for RF pipes Code |Description Unit of Quantity Unit Price / Total TCO Measure |/ Base Discount % ment Price 1.9.17 15.3.1 |[(*) 90 mm Dia. METRE 60.00 174.00 10,440.00 62,640.00 1.10 Additional Attachments Area Attachments: 0 Reject on Commercial Response No Official Reject/Accept Notes By 1D w 4 g 2 o -